0--------------
topic:	26	weapons	countries	mass	destruction	evil	axis	nuclear	rights	human	nation
file label:axisofevil
elaborating	axis	evil	president	george	bush's	national	security	adviser	condoleezza	rice	defined	context	scope	term	axis	evil	bush	state	union	address	weeks	describe	iraq	iran	north	korea	criteria	set	rice	countries	question	repressive	grave	human	rights	violators	aggressively	seeking	weapons	mass	destruction	conservative	estimates	scores	countries	easily	qualify	repressive	violating	human	rights	rule	human	rights	concerned	nation	enjoy	pluralistic	democracy	violating	human	rights	oppressive	countries	world	qualify	pluralistic	democracies	count	national	security	adviser	erred	wording	acquisition	weapons	noteworthy	words	aggressively	seeking	nuclear	biological	chemical	weapons	words	countries	seeking	developing	arsenal	slow	pace	scope	axis	evil	dozen	countries	contemplating	acquisition	mass	destruction	weapons	speed	countries	seemingly	refraining	acquiring	weapons	escape	branded	evil	knowledge	money	join	nuclear	club	acquiring	weapons	mass	destruction	se	correct	basis	judging	nation	good	evil	mere	development	possession	mass	destruction	weapons	reason	label	state	evildoer	nation	developed	nuclear	weapons	nation	deploy	weapons	real	criterion	context	nuclear	country	democratic	sense	word	washington	disturbed	feel	national	security	threatened	nations	acquire	mass	destruction	weapons	authoritarian	repressive	irrespective	pace	amassing	weaponry	fact	fear	countries	feel	democratic	regimes	restrained	responsible	resorting	weapons	mass	destruction	case	rice	elaborated	precise	criteria	membership	axis	evil	establishing	connection	nature	regime	acquisition	weapons	mass	destruction
1--------------
topic:	173	relations	axis	china	evil	kong	international	nations	comment	words	principles
file label:axisofevil
china	disapproves	axis	evil	international	relations	chinese	foreign	ministry	spokesman	kong	quan	friday	china	disapproves	words	axis	evil	international	relations	kong	remark	asked	comment	views	york	times	washington	post	recentlyon	statement	leader	describing	democratic	people's	republic	korea	iran	iraq	axis	evil	nations	disapprove	words	international	relations	kong	comment	answering	related	questions	earlier	china	noticed	public	opinion	general	public	agree	wording	axis	evil	pointing	consequences	bound	logic	wording	china	holds	antiterrorism	campaigns	based	irrefutable	evidence	antiterrorism	attacks	expanded	arbitrarily	kong	stressed	handling	statetostate	relations	follow	purposes	principles	united	nations	charter	principles	peaceful	coexistence	principle	countries	treated	equal	footing	manner	conducive	safeguarding	longterm	peace	stability	world	related	regions	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
2--------------
topic:	33	states	countries	united	evil	iraq	iran	axis	war	world	bush
file label:axisofevil
russia	disagrees	remark	munich	germany	russia's	defense	minister	sunday	country	disagrees	view	iraq	iran	north	korea	evil	stark	reminder	differences	remain	enemies	moved	closer	sept	foreign	minister	sergei	ivanov	told	global	conference	government	military	leaders	sees	evidence	nations	supports	terrorism	insisted	move	follow	international	law	president	bush	iraq	iran	north	korea	evil	state	union	address	jan	sunday	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	accused	iran	giving	refuge	al	qaeda	taliban	members	escaping	afghanistan	iranians	pakistan	government	put	troops	border	prevent	terrorists	escaping	afghanistan	country	rumsfeld	abc's	week	china's	official	xinhua	news	agency	weighed	sunday	bush's	choice	words	accusing	president	orchestrating	public	opinion	advance	strikes	countries	expansion	war	terrorism	word	suggested	alliance	exist	chinese	agency	states	share	chilly	relations	united	states	italian	defense	minister	antonio	martino	sunday	country	support	attack	iraq	proof	baghdad	supporting	al	qaeda	iraqi	leader	saddam	hussein	dispatched	delegation	meet	european	union	leaders	spain	ivanov	west	double	standard	definition	terrorism	members	osama	bin	laden's	al	qaeda	network	terrorists	chechen	separatists	fighting	russia	unfurled	list	states	support	terror	build	arsenals	deadly	weapons	allies	saudi	arabia	gulf	states	give	finance	terrorism	organizations	ivanov	remarks	day	munich	conference	security	invitationonly	gathering	international	leaders	year	debated	war	terrorism	diverse	delegation	delivered	singular	message	conference	participants	nato	remains	vital	united	states	range	allies	fight	terrorism	intends	consult	friends	america	war	audience	heard	repeatedly	feels	saddam	hussein	target	iraq	shapes	sunday's	final	session	underscored	vast	differences	united	states	russia	sen	lindsey	graham	rsc	asked	ivanov	russia	supported	soviet	republic	belarus	cheap	energy	subsidies	nation	democratic	election	major	exporter	arms	equipment	ivanov	evidence	belarus	sold	arms	nations	sanction	iraq	business	nations	sanctions	tajikistan	angola	gulf	states	copyright	miami	herald
3--------------
topic:	179	north	korea	iran	president	bush's	iraq	weapons	evil	report	seoul
file label:axisofevil
evil	charge	raises	questions	washington	president	bush's	declaration	countries	iran	iraq	north	korea	represent	evil	prevented	acquiring	weapons	mass	destruction	touched	questions	globe	wednesday	white	house	spokesmen	bush's	blunt	language	state	union	address	tuesday	military	action	imminent	president's	remarks	expanded	scope	antiterrorism	campaign	elevating	fight	spread	nuclear	chemical	biological	weapons	major	foreignpolicy	priority	officials	president	told	congress	iran	iraq	north	korea	pose	grave	growing	danger	seek	weapons	mass	destruction	links	terrorist	groups	repeated	theme	wednesday	town	hall	meeting	north	carolina	united	states	america	takes	defend	security	nations	bush	named	angrily	rejected	remarks	president	mohammad	khatami	iran	attempt	reforms	american	support	accused	united	states	spoke	arrogantly	humiliatingly	aggressively	interfering	worse	insult	iranian	nation	khatami	cabinet	session	wednesday	night	iraqi	vice	president	taha	yassin	ramadan	responding	bush's	evil	remark	government	source	evil	world	north	korea's	official	korean	central	news	agency	kcna	monitored	seoul	remarks	shenanigan	aimed	continuing	policy	agression	rhetoric	caused	shudders	allies	south	korea	president	kim	daejung	rested	reputation	easing	halfcentury	confrontation	heavily	armed	communist	north	japan	missile	range	north	korea	wise	corner	north	koreans	cut	routes	talking	yukihiko	ikeda	japanese	congressman	foreign	minister	american	intelligence	decade	attempts	iran	iraq	north	korea	develop	nuclear	weapons	poisons	germs	bush's	pledge	stop	nations	appeared	represent	significant	hardening	position	iran	bush's	condemnation	marked	return	confrontation	secretary	state	colin	powell	officials	expressed	optimism	tehran's	moderate	behavior	sept	terrorist	attacks	lead	opening	islamic	nation	officials	watched	chagrin	weeks	iran	funneled	weapons	proxies	western	afghanistan	attempted	ship	sophisticated	arms	yasser	arafat's	palestinian	authority	israel	seized	shipment	jan	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	harsh	words	iran	wednesday	training	terrorists	long	time	iran	bush	administration	talk	threats	north	korea	assuming	office	bush	initially	declined	continue	clinton	administration's	talks	pyongyang	halting	development	export	ballistic	missiles	eventually	offered	talks	pyongyang	respond	president	named	iraq	nation	flaunt	hostility	america	support	terror	intelligence	officials	evidence	iraq	played	role	sept	attacks	active	sponsoring	international	terrorism	years	tom	infield	philadelphia	inquirer	washington	herald	wire	services	contributed	report	copyright	miami	herald
4--------------
topic:	28	united	countries	axis	states	weapons	security	mayor	evil	mass	case
file label:axisofevil
announce	united	states	sides	axis	evil	criteria	set	united	states	declared	president	george	bush	countries	axis	evil	point	view	produce	develop	amass	weapons	mass	destruction	threatens	security	stability	neighbors	countries	world	mass	media	newspapers	revealed	report	pentagon	listed	countries	attacked	atomic	weapons	case	national	security	threatened	clear	united	states	develops	produces	weapons	mass	destruction	threaten	stability	security	world	violates	united	nations	charter	attacking	independent	sovereign	nations	side	axis	israel	side	britain	conforms	criteria	completely	supports	stance	considers	absolute	cases	countries	axis	similar	cooperate	joined	strategic	bond	defends	supports	words	deeds	review	voting	results	security	council	washington	defends	israel	britain	justifies	stances	countries	admirable	harmony	united	states	endeavors	hard	save	israel	crisis	sharon	put	roles	distributed	specifically	role	drawn	accurately	care	case	great	movie	wife	tyrannical	mayor	power	abualila	simple	peasant	owns	clothes	gang	children	wife	coveted	mayor	immediately	neutral	intermediate	appears	represented	fake	imposter	shaykh	friend	mayor	axis	evil	find	dramatic	portrayal	reversed	situation	shaykh	case	anthony	zinni	advises	abualila	palestinian	bow	accept	mayor's	israel's	demands	convicted	possessing	weapons	destruction	eyes	authorities	wait	advice	haj	zinni	obey	authority	terrorists	iraq	north	korea	iran
5--------------
topic:	164	bush	world	editor	evil	axis	newspaper	america	war	speech	arab
file label:axisofevil
america	axis	evil	arab	world	american	president	popular	arab	world	george	bush	object	harsh	criticism	statement	axis	evil	yasser	arafat	pacify	west	arab	politicians	journalists	afraid	daring	egyptian	governmental	newspaper	alahram	wrote	bush	language	state	union	speech	osama	bin	laden	video	messages	editor	alquds	newspaper	published	london	abd	albari	atvan	compared	george	bush	hitler	editor	wrote	bush	showed	speech	craving	blood	ready	declare	war	world	order	revenge	editor	believes	bush	wage	war	iran	iraq	weapons	mass	destruction	bush	notice	israel	kinds	weapons	atvan	bush's	speech	looked	hitler's	threats	iran	iraq	hitler's	threats	poland	czech	republic	editor	arabic	newspaper	believes	put	bush's	imprudence	war	overshadow	world	wars	palestinian	alhayat	aljadeeda	media	outlets	voice	palestine	radio	repeatedly	called	america	enemy	palestinian	people	axis	evil	statement	north	korea	america	devil's	empire	official	korean	news	agency	stated	bush	hypothetical	threat	north	korea	pretext	considerable	increase	military	spending	soviet	union	called	evil	empire	years	labels	picture	fashionable	countries	exchange	harsh	words	kids	sergey	borisov	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru
6--------------
topic:	33	states	countries	united	evil	iraq	iran	axis	war	world	bush
file label:axisofevil
term	axis	evil	president	george	bush	label	iraq	iran	north	korea	hot	muchdiscussed	phrase	word	axis	reminds	grouping	countries	world	war	ii	enemies	allies	bush	deliberate	term	emphasize	world	adversarial	position	countries	washington's	claim	assist	terrorists	seek	develop	lethal	weapons	reminder	president	ronald	reagan	call	soviet	union	evil	empire	bush's	objective	clear	simply	condenses	foreign	policy	easily	understand	distinguishing	evil	good	claims	belongs	good	side	side	evil	destroyed	deserves	condemnation	sees	countries	evil	allies	feel	countries	regard	countries	friends	evil	considered	enemies	united	states	events	september	forced	bush	overhaul	foreign	policy	foreign	policy	issue	wanted	deal	believed	bush	naive	foreign	affairs	presidential	election	campaigned	economic	education	issues	barely	scraped	unexpected	happened	usama	bin	ladin	war	afghanistan	elevated	foreign	policy	central	part	administration	circumstance	led	bush	adopt	aggressive	policy	declared	war	terrorism	afghanistan	spread	parts	world	matter	world	vigorously	hunt	terrorists	perceived	seek	target	united	states	bush	declared	iraq	iran	north	korea	axis	evil	emphatically	implies	duty	stop	manufacturing	acquiring	lethal	weapons	chemical	biological	nuclear	line	bush	draws	friends	foes	clearer	basically	telling	world	enemies	america	alqa'ida	usama	bin	ladin	countries	possess	lethal	weapons	targets	suppression	united	states	close	show	united	states	carried	aggressive	policy	abrupt	rapid	manner	comprehensively	consulting	countries	concerned	soldiers	dispatched	philippines	join	filipino	soldiers	suppress	abu	sayyaf	role	identified	participation	military	exercise	adviser	real	purpose	soldiers	participate	missions	targets	groups	regarded	enemies	united	states	policy	deserves	closely	analyzed	monitored	thai	people	understand	important	change	policy	country	economic	political	military	influence	impact	world	country	agrees	views	policy	united	states	direction	emphasizes	national	security	confrontation	countries	washington	enemies	result	intense	armed	confrontation	terrorist	groups	step	sabotage	targets	allies	naming	north	korea	annoy	china	assistance	united	states	war	afghanistan	iran	helpful	united	states	war	afghanistan	identified	evil	readjust	stance	world	heated	notch
7--------------
topic:	139	evil	axis	united	states	countries	iraq	iran	foreign	world	dprk
file label:axisofevil
president	bush	criticized	world	social	circles	called	country	iran	iraq	axis	evil	february	cuban	government	issued	statement	denouncing	united	states	inflict	military	threat	dprk	iran	iraq	pretext	support	toleration	terrorism	statement	international	community	accept	groundless	condemnation	dprk	iraq	iran	noting	threatening	armed	forces	current	administration's	modus	operandi	statement	stressed	threat	grave	clashes	february	interview	french	newspaper	figaro	russian	foreign	minister	igor	ivanov	assessed	branding	dprk	iran	iraq	axis	evil	cold	war	labeling	pointed	labeling	cold	war	heritage	japan's	mainichi	shimbun	spanish	prime	minister	aznar	press	conference	expressed	stance	distance	bush's	view	depicting	dprk	iran	iraq	axis	evil	time	discuss	united	states	diplomatic	plans	relation	bush's	axis	evil	remarks	german	foreign	minister	allies	satellites	french	foreign	minister	caustically	criticized	united	states	unilateral	simplistic	worldview	poses	threat	world	february	editorial	entitled	world	good	evil	influential	newspaper	financial	times	united	kingdom	stressed	united	states	listen	friendly	countries	criticism	bush's	remarks	calling	dprk	iran	iraq	axis	evil	march	cambodia's	reaksmei	campuchea	reported	bush	intends	wage	antiterror	wars	world	iran	iraq	dprk	form	axis	evil	launch	strikes	countries	threatening	security	united	states	report	divulged	intention	realize	strategy	driven	corner	february	article	entitled	useurope	relations	crossroads	axis	evil	theory	japan's	mainichi	shimbun	reported	questions	mushrooming	europe	russia	bush	administration's	international	strategy	calling	showdown	axis	evil	article	conveyed	foreign	minister	germany	leads	european	union	france	formation	international	antiterror	alliance	article	german	foreign	minister's	remark	expressed	concern	government's	axis	evil	theory	itartass	famous	russian	politician	piacheslav	nikonov	president	political	fund	hard	imagine	ineffective	bush's	axis	evil	dogma	point	years	korean	peninsula	efforts	channeled	promote	dialogue	north	south	stance	dialogue	impossible	remark	infringes	russia's	interests	bush's	dogma	astonished	world	publicly	designating	countries	peoples	terrorist	elements	organizations	enemies	mankind	united	states	risk	confronting	countries	world	february	voice	russia	reported	manner	european	allies	united	states	sympathetic	president	bush's	remarks	branding	dprk	iran	iraq	axis	evil	view	comments	state	political	leaders	european	countries	led	conclusion	time	european	countries	reached	consensus	wholly	agree	united	states	newspaper	york	times	reported	european	union	leader	evaluated	axis	evil	dogma	despotic	simplistic	rash	futile	french	foreign	minister	united	states	viewing	problems	backdrop	antiterror	struggle	world	simplistic	stressed	united	states	acting	arbitrarily	consulting	countries	pursuing	exclusive	interests	stated	international	antiterror	alliance	turned	base	actions	opposition	countries	february	finnish	belgian	foreign	ministers	expressed	opposition	socalled	axis	evil	remark	plan	launch	strikes	iraq	hard	forecast	longer	united	states	act	arbitrarily	treat	allies	large	majority	world	community	disdaining	manner	effort	called	prevent	action	great	misfortune	mankind	broadcasting	station	reported	preceding	manner
8--------------
topic:	95	bush	america's	iran	international	korea	axis	iraq	north	campaign	evil
file label:axisofevil
arrogance	marked	latest	manichaean	pronouncement	president	george	bush	alleging	axis	evil	international	stage	justifiably	produced	backlash	adverse	reactions	state	union	address	lawmakers	january	bush	categorically	identified	iran	iraq	north	korea	terrorist	allies	functional	antius	entity	collective	axis	evil	global	arena	raising	political	bogey	specific	context	present	usled	international	campaign	terrorism	aggressively	harping	ideas	republican	caucus	february	bush	left	room	doubt	real	foreign	policy	intentions	defining	characteristic	presumptive	axis	evil	portrayed	tendency	part	constituent	states	nonstate	players	acquire	weapons	mass	destruction	bush	begun	articulating	policy	designed	prevent	outlaw	regimes	terrorist	cohorts	threatening	america	friends	allies	climate	impassioned	american	campaign	phobias	powers	china	joined	chorus	protest	countries	named	bush	reason	cavil	universal	consensus	terrorism	international	stage	bush	prove	accusations	collusive	nexus	iran	iraq	islamic	countries	north	korea	arguably	reclusive	state	alleged	terrorist	accomplices	communicative	compulsions	dancing	tunes	evocative	sound	bytes	adequately	explain	bush's	failure	substantiate	theme	internationally	televised	address	denunciation	iran	case	illustrates	washington's	urge	underline	america's	supposed	preeminence	superpower	history	universal	jurisdiction	provoking	iran	sensitive	stage	global	campaign	terror	bush	inadvertently	encouraged	protagonists	prospective	clash	civilizations	controversial	thesis	underlines	religious	divide	iran's	ayatollah	ali	khamenei	greatest	evil	bush's	objections	suspected	iranian	plans	acquiring	wmds	ayatollah	khamenei	critical	america's	archetypal	sales	lethal	weapons	israel	left	iran's	president	mohammad	khatami	reaffirm	teheran's	sustainable	advocacy	dialogue	civilizations	cultured	answer	insults	bush	heaped	iranian	people	iraq	north	korea	tend	america's	game	plan	extension	characteristic	policy	hegemony	china	aghast	ridiculous	terminology	america's	thinking	unexplained	logical	basis	macroperspective	appears	bush	chosen	raise	specter	promote	pet	theme	spaceage	missile	defense	system	america	allies	part	explain	clubbed	islamic	states	religion	neutral	country	microlevel	president	counted	country's	disputes	iran	iraq	north	korea	time	teheran	specifically	defiant	view	america's	expanding	strategicmilitary	presence	iran's	neighborhood	juncture	weighed	bush	event	dynamics	emerging	iranus	tussle	determine	actions	axis	point	international	community	support	american	efforts	widen	campaign	afghanistan
9--------------
topic:	132	international	united	states	evil	countries	country	axis	bush	political	world
file label:axisofevil
great	leader	comrade	kim	ilsong	taught	current	history	desire	people	realized	justice	wins	justice	finds	support	sympathy	contrast	injustice	escape	denunciation	rejection	overview	international	developments	february	points	fact	reported	president	bush	unreasonably	linking	weapons	mass	destruction	support	terror	issues	iran	iraq	raved	called	axis	evil	openly	declared	policy	isolation	stifling	progressive	nations	subsequently	bush	repeatedly	trumpeted	axis	evil	theory	occasions	sneaked	japan	south	korea	nonsensical	gaffes	nerves	country	countries	military	diplomatic	officials	justifying	bush's	axis	evil	remark	bush's	axis	evil	argument	undisguised	declaration	war	rhetoric	threatening	aggression	united	states	produces	holds	largest	number	wmd	world	biggest	terrorist	country	precisely	empire	evil	united	states	insisting	soandso	part	axis	evil	impossible	expect	members	international	communities	accept	policy	approves	bush's	onesided	selfrighteous	policy	opposes	rejects	february	media	countries	world	international	public	opinion	opposing	bush's	axis	evil	remark	voices	criticizing	rose	high	big	powers	china	russia	exception	gaffe	stating	oppose	find	grounds	support	sort	position	posture	part	big	powers	drove	united	states	corner	washington	troubled	attitude	western	nations	allies	united	states	february	european	union	stepped	moves	bluntly	criticize	oppose	axis	evil	rhetoric	spokesman	eu	commission	press	conference	expressed	concerns	bush	gaffe	labeling	korea	iran	iraq	axis	evil	eu's	high	representatives	agree	policy	french	foreign	minister	demanded	united	states	abandon	onesidedness	global	problems	solved	washington's	arbitrary	decision	uk	foreign	minister	uk	acting	close	ally	united	states	september	incident	longer	stand	shoulder	shoulder	imagine	extent	eu	sentiment	descriptions	bush	french	newspapers	depicting	modern	version	stars	stripes	cartoon	showing	ferocious	image	wearing	tshirt	jogging	pants	bearing	english	letters	baring	teeth	glare	hatred	eyes	representatives	political	parties	european	countries	letters	protest	bush	western	nations	allies	time	concerted	stance	critical	washington	attitude	read	washington's	mind	incur	displeasure	time	spoke	attacked	hesitation	united	states	widespread	debates	bush	gaffe	united	states	fire	international	conference	halls	typical	international	conference	representatives	nongovernmental	organizations	countries	held	brazil	adopted	resolution	criticizing	bush's	axis	evil	argument	countries	world	demonstrations	rallies	bush	remark	united	states	held	daily	countless	letters	statements	comments	protesting	gaffe	public	bush	flurry	moves	length	staging	farce	creating	permanent	diplomatic	agency	prevent	spread	antius	sentiment	united	states	literally	plight	punching	bag	february	japan	united	states	target	strong	denunciation	japan	stand	supporting	bush's	axis	evil	rhetoric	openly	embarked	path	maneuvering	overseas	aggression	inevitable	injustice	meet	denunciation	rejection	justice	finds	support	february	countries	world	international	public	opinion	supporting	country	newspapers	news	agencies	broadcasts	countries	including	china	russia	cuba	syria	vietnam	laos	france	nepal	united	kingdom	libya	united	arab	emirates	gave	prominent	coverage	statement	foreign	ministry	spokesman	country	fact	proved	world	stands	side	justice	rallies	solidarity	country	held	countries	world	rally	held	syria	activists	emphasized	continue	strengthen	solidarity	korean	people	stand	trench	steadfastly	forum	european	political	parties	held	belgium	participants	appealed	progressive	political	parties	world	defend	korea's	socialism	p'yongyang	joint	conference	organizations	friendship	solidarity	korean	people	international	organizations	democracy	participants	adopted	resolution	letter	protest	bush	shows	extent	world	support	justice	people	position	middle	east	nations	fair	settlement	problems	region	won	support	international	communities	prove	arguments	gained	ground	countries	fair	settlement	middle	east	issues	israel	discontinue	attacks	palestine	suppression	palestinians	united	states	double	standards	world's	public	sentiment	stands	side	justice	denunciation	rejection	injustice	support	encouragement	justice	evident	february	international	developments	reflect	change	international	relations	imperialists	weakening	aspirations	independence	strengthening	general	situation	century	making	turns	favor	independent	developments	progressive	nations	including	country
10--------------
topic:	162	peace	terrorism	country	bush	united	evil	republic	states	international	war
file label:axisofevil
president	bush	state	union	address	gave	congress	recklessly	picked	country	develop	possess	weapons	mass	destruction	spewed	kinds	vicious	remarks	picking	countries	included	country	countries	destroy	socalled	peace	united	states	world	part	axis	evil	markedly	reveals	united	extremely	dangerous	attempt	link	republic	terrorism	force	crush	costs	military	strength	showing	international	community	bush	vicious	war	maniac	republic	exerting	effort	peace	reunification	korean	peninsula	world's	peace	security	beginning	year	instance	republic's	government	conveyed	steadfast	position	achieve	fatherland's	reunification	greatest	ardent	desire	nation	years	century	costs	united	efforts	nation	convened	joint	meeting	republic's	government	political	parties	organizations	announced	appeals	proposals	reflect	entire	nation's	unanimous	desire	fairest	realistic	patriotic	manifestation	opening	decisive	breakthrough	achievement	fatherland's	reunification	year	costs	united	efforts	nation	banner	june	northsouth	joint	declaration	remarkable	measure	safeguarding	peace	security	korean	peninsula	republic's	government	shown	principled	position	terrorism	occasions	accordance	trend	international	community's	opposition	terrorism	signed	joined	antiterrorist	treaties	international	convention	suppression	financing	terrorism	actively	contributed	preservation	global	peace	security	president	bush	linked	country	terrorism	force	spewed	virulent	remarks	country	threatening	world's	peace	brazenfaced	deception	reality	unbearable	insult	sovereign	state	condone	bush	arbitrarily	designated	country	part	socalled	axis	evil	good	evil	completely	contradictory	concepts	current	international	community	promoting	peace	stability	safeguarding	country	nation's	sovereignty	protecting	people's	lives	properties	good	evil	republic	making	effort	reclaim	national	sovereignty	reunifying	fatherland	safeguard	peace	security	korean	peninsula	northeast	asia	republic	fiercely	waging	fight	war	exercise	military	force	resolving	international	issues	seeking	ways	combat	terrorism	international	community	praising	efforts	aforementioned	real	evidence	link	republic	terrorism	designate	evil	country	real	ringleader	evil	base	evil	united	states	manifest	examples	facts	years	imperialists	perpetrated	open	statelevel	terrorism	sovereign	states	iraq	yugoslavia	preposterous	reasons	pretexts	posing	grave	threat	world's	peace	security	blabbing	establishment	invasive	missile	defense	system	reality	united	states	country	qualifications	face	issue	countries	evil	bush	impertinently	picking	quarrel	republic	viciously	spoke	ill	dprk	despicable	act	shabby	conduct	president	bush	revealing	world	political	immaturity	moral	corruption	year	set	proclaimed	year	year	war	poured	kinds	abusive	words	republic	lies	wicked	intention	provoke	aggressive	war	opposing	countries	satisfied	dprk	crush	countries	military	strength	united	states	aiming	move	political	economic	crisis	suffering	continue	realize	policy	hegemony	bush	greatly	miscalculating	enjoy	fire	bound	die	burnt	left	war	maniacs	bush	find	crisis	aggression	war	bitter	destruction	heroic	people's	army	people	tolerate	imperialists	reckless	military	oppressive	attempt	pose	merciless	annihilating	blow	aggressors
11--------------
topic:	72	states	president	government	united	chien	evil	argentina's	policies	bush	foreign
file label:axisofevil
secretary	state	colin	powell	enlightened	officials	president	bush's	administration	patch	president	bush's	statements	latest	reckless	threats	axis	evil	iran	iraq	north	korea	day	president	bush's	threat	crush	countries	means	prevent	developing	weapons	mass	destruction	secretary	powell	senate	foreign	relations	committee	characterizing	counties	axis	evil	government	intends	invade	added	prepared	initiate	dialogue	work	friends	allies	world	ways	dealing	regimes	fine	words	reflect	reality	hardline	wing	administration	comprising	vice	president	dick	cheney	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	national	security	adviser	condoleezza	rice	final	running	affairs	white	house	direct	influence	president	bush	oddly	speculations	swirled	washington	powell	listened	president	bush's	speech	threats	axis	evil	citizen	read	speech	president	bush	delivered	supposed	virtue	post	fact	subsequently	denied	speculations	baseless	rate	secretary	powell's	remark	administration's	readiness	enter	dialogue	evil	states	washington's	friends	ways	dealing	involves	contradictions	affirmed	speech	dialogue	iraq	accepted	return	arms	inspectors	current	administration	consult	closest	allies	europe	followers	world	arab	world	administration	decided	punish	country	believes	poses	danger	hebrew	state	lumped	north	korea	iran	iraq	part	axis	evil	mislead	arabs	muslims	create	impression	islam	targeted	united	states	days	ruled	alliance	main	lobbies	arms	lobby	zionist	lobby	sees	world	eyes	ari'el	sharon	extremist	government	expect	worst	future	president	bush	facing	recession	economic	crisis	repeat	father's	mistake	defeated	elections	economic	factors	planning	trigger	wars	revive	flagging	arms	industry	united	states	run	typical	texan	mentality	closer	cowboys	civilized	mentality	believes	dialogue	coexistence	peoples	mentality	simultaneously	raises	apprehensions	resentment	international	economic	prosperity	built	stability	wars	catastrophe	engulf	country	arms	industry	progressed	expense	world's	security	stability
12--------------
topic:	103	president	injustice	nations	united	kono	states	world	evil	support	fight
file label:axisofevil
president	bush's	projection	iran	iraq	north	korea	axis	evil	threat	military	action	evoked	worldwide	criticism	russian	prime	minister	mikhail	kasyanov	meeting	vice	president	dick	cheney	washington	evidence	weapons	proliferation	nations	substantiate	charge	french	officials	rhetoric	good	evil	suitable	realities	today's	world	secretary	state	madeleine	albright	bush	big	mistake	lumping	nations	nato	secretary	general	lord	robertson	york	credible	evidence	prerequisite	nato's	support	military	action	nations	lumping	iran	iraq	north	korea	axis	evil	president	bush	raised	image	tarnished	international	community	expects	mature	compassionate	civilised	conduct	united	states	superpower	world	side	smaller	weaker	nations	targeting	pursuit	global	agenda	worked	eliminate	injustice	harass	countries	national	prejudices	world	expects	civilised	conduct	united	states	place	arrogance	discrimination	injustice	washington	fact	treading	path	coercion	intimidation	blackmailing	smaller	weaker	nations	president	bush	intolerant	dissent	policy	domination	total	negation	lofty	principles	morality	ethic	democracy	assertively	holds	dear	heart	terrorism	fought	successfully	united	states	withdraw	support	forces	injustice	tyranny	oppression	world	fight	poverty	productive	effort	fight	terrorism	injustice	breeds	hatred	revolt	middle	east	test	ground	sincerity	fight	terrorism	unfettered	support	israel	based	injustice	distortion	policies	removed	ensure	security	allies
13--------------
topic:	22	states	evil	united	war	president	countries	axis	american	latin	d'etat
file label:axisofevil
york	warlike	tone	state	union	speech	delivered	george	bush	tuesday	evening	prompted	responses	critical	enthusiastic	united	states	aim	pursued	white	house	achieved	remobilize	country	war	terrorism	prevent	americans	returning	normal	life	chiefly	daily	repercussions	enron	affair	rising	unemployment	fellow	countrymen's	eyes	test	constituted	september	revealed	george	bush's	talents	war	leader	comfortable	role	management	routine	matters	force	conviction	preaches	struggle	good	evil	largely	explains	exceptional	popularity	ratings	percent	favorable	opinions	latest	abc	washington	post	surveys	tuesday	evening	george	bush	reproduce	tone	september	speech	order	galvanize	country	united	states	world's	dangerous	regimes	threaten	destructive	weapons	cost	country's	defense	pay	evil	real	combated	midst	tragedy	specially	midst	tragedy	god	unanimous	opinion	media	successful	speech	brilliant	full	strength	eloquence	pursuit	war	terrorism	americans	illustration	character	confidence	country's	leadership	york	times	washington	post	president's	intensity	equal	pursue	war	television	commentaries	full	praise	solid	eloquent	remarks	cbs	ran	cnn's	bill	bennett	called	speech	moral	strength	fox's	juan	williams	words	straight	heart	condemnation	axis	evil	comprising	iran	iraq	north	korea	applauded	republican	democrat	hawks	barely	challenged	foreign	relations	experts	george	bush	succeeded	returning	war	front	pages	newspapers	ousting	enron	affair	budget	deficit	forcing	democratic	opposition	unite	enemy	dick	gephardt	democratic	leader	house	representatives	tom	daschle	democratic	leader	senate	attempted	impossible	feat	setting	partisan	attitudes	supporting	president	percent	war	terrorism	time	criticize	economic	social	policy	responses	order	sharp	administration	introduced	qualifications	military	operations	planned	countries	cited	white	house	spokesman	ari	fleischer	added	expression	axis	evil	allusion	notorious	romeberlintokyo	axis	george	bush	change	rhetoric	antiterrorist	struggle	concerned	black	white	shades	gray	thursday	january	election	campaign	visit	atlanta	georgia	daytona	beach	florida	president	confident	allies	support	countries	acquire	mass	destruction	weapons	rest	world	weapons	targeted	urged	countries	clean	homes	countries	develops	mass	destruction	weapons	ally	terrorist	group	support	terrorism	sincerely	share	values	precious	surveillance
14--------------
topic:	139	evil	axis	united	states	countries	iraq	iran	foreign	world	dprk
file label:axisofevil
hong	kong	feb	zts	news	washington	secretary	state	colin	powell	february	alarmist	remark	george	bush	labeled	iran	iraq	democratic	people's	republic	korea	axis	evil	delivering	state	union	speech	week	powell's	remark	attended	hearing	sponsored	foreign	relations	committee	senate	spoke	defense	statement	axis	evil	widely	criticized	report	twohour	discourse	powell	correct	describe	iran	iraq	dprk	axis	evil	united	states	launch	war	united	states	rule	possibility	holding	dialogues	countries	axis	evil	powell	actions	countries	launch	war	invade	tomorrow	future	means	united	states	countries	mentioned	countries	mentioned	major	points	policy	powell	bush's	statement	similar	ronald	reagan	ussr	evil	empire	united	states	ready	cooperate	allies	discuss	deal	regimes
15--------------
topic:	135	iran	bush	bush's	korea	axis	countries	evil	state	states	united
file label:axisofevil
george	bush	delivering	state	union	speech	senate	house	representatives	congress	january	unprecedented	wordings	lashed	dprk	democratic	people's	republic	korea	iran	iraq	labeling	countries	axis	evil	countries	reacted	strongly	condemned	counterattacked	bush	natural	rational	senior	government	officials	experts	western	allies	united	states	criticized	bush's	speech	axis	evil	untenable	albright	launch	attack	february	interviewed	american	broadcasting	corporation	madeleine	albright	secretary	state	bush's	axis	evil	remark	gross	mistake	principle	bush	handling	foreign	affairs	caused	international	community	united	states	utterly	disorderly	lost	reason	putting	countries	gross	mistake	opposed	listing	dprk	socalled	axis	evil	bush's	possibly	united	states	lose	popular	support	international	community	albright	noted	contacted	reached	agreement	dprk	bush	singlehandedly	destroyed	initial	relationship	established	korea	clinton	age	albright	pointed	situation	iran	present	stage	complicated	afghanistan	issue	questions	united	states	aid	iran	carpenter	deputy	director	nongovernmental	research	organization	cato	institute	holds	bush's	criticism	korea	hard	understand	deputy	director	strange	bush	include	korea	list	countries	years	korea	actively	supported	terrorist	activities	evidence	hands	added	korea's	nuclear	project	frozen	bush	listed	korea	terrorist	countries	commentaries	including	korea	axis	evil	list	irritate	korea	japan	republic	korea	rok	feel	disturbed	analytical	article	carried	washington	post	including	iran	axis	evil	list	astonishing	article	united	states	hard	establish	relationship	iran	fall	expressed	appreciation	iran's	condemnation	terrorism	iran	case	pilots	hit	afghanistan	landed	iran	iran	give	assistance	analyst	worried	bush's	attack	iran	possibly	forfeit	efforts	carpenter	door	improving	relations	iran	completely	blocked	added	unfortunate	part	bush's	speech	cast	chance	improving	relations	iran	president	bush	completely	closed	door	improvement	ties	iran	difficult	britain	france	agree	set	axis	evil	theory	state	union	speech	bush	met	increasing	attacks	international	community	closest	allies	thought	hard	agree	bush's	remark	report	carried	british	daily	telegraph	february	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	queried	axis	evil	theory	set	bush's	state	union	speech	thinking	remark	bush	attempts	antiterror	war	play	political	party	politics	straw	added	britain	united	states	closest	allies	september	incident	longer	stand	shoulder	shoulder	french	president	jacques	chirac	subscribe	axis	evil	theory	advanced	president	bush	chirac's	assistant	goodandevil	view	conform	actual	conditions	presentday	world	french	presidential	office	open	comments	bush's	statement	bush	directed	americans	annual	meeting	world	economic	forum	held	york	nato	secretary	general	george	robertson	charging	korea	iran	iraq	socalled	axis	evil	united	states	produce	evidence	observers	washington	maintain	nato	secretarygeneral's	statement	international	community	feels	uneasy	bush	administration's	policy	determined	expand	scope	antiterror	war	white	house	state	department	hasten	smooth	matter	bid	alleviate	sentiments	allies	white	house	official	discretely	assured	allies	bush	hint	military	actions	secretary	state	colin	powell	admonishes	subordinates	mass	media	discuss	matter	spirit	literal	meaning	bush's	speech	strictly	acted	avoid	causing	doubts	external	world	state	department	february	collect	statements	send	embassies	countries	worldwide	calm	foreign	countries	negative	reactions	bush's	speech	state	department	spokesman	richard	boucher	send	relevant	information	summaries	information	embassies	places	world	facilitate	understanding	related	arguments	government	official	diplomats	countries	concerned	authorized	explain	countries	doubts	bush's	state	union	speech	aimed	dispelling	countries	doubt	united	states	dispatch	troops	iran	iraq	korea
16--------------
topic:	55	president	bush	axis	evil	budget	usa	time	iran	countries	state
file label:axisofevil
bush's	axis	evil	convenient	electoral	tool	portuguese	paper	text	article	caio	blinder	politics	put	order	portuguese	newspaper	diario	de	noticias	web	site	week's	address	congress	secretary	state	colin	powell	dismissed	criticisms	president	bush's	rhetoric	emerged	president	pinned	tag	axis	evil	countries	iraq	iran	north	korea	state	union	address	surely	rhetoric	george	bush	master	eloquence	speeches	extremely	prepared	president	man	likes	improvise	expression	undoubtedly	strong	thought	america	bellicose	president	ronald	reagan	referred	soviet	union	evil	empire	european	capitals	rumours	bush	defining	doctrine	based	war	terror	excuse	pursue	unilateral	offensive	usa	proclaimed	attack	countries	cooperate	campaign	president	place	civilization	barbarity	sounds	clumsy	place	north	korea	iran	iraq	axis	nazi	germany	hirohito's	japan	mussolini's	italy	fact	countries	share	hatred	usa	saudi	arabia	included	list	country	sponsor	islamic	fundamentalism	colin	powell	trouble	wriggling	explain	justify	president's	vision	defence	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	man	powerful	day	perfectly	ease	rhetorical	petards	hurled	commanderinchief	prove	usa	gradually	adopting	offensive	defensive	stance	strategy	white	house's	offensive	domestic	dimension	paint	dark	picture	threats	facing	american	empire	prove	crucial	time	government	announce	state	budget	proposals	cornerstone	involves	largest	increases	years	pentagon's	budget	democrats	continue	close	ranks	president	war	terrorism	mention	axis	evil	strengthen	atmosphere	national	unity	suit	president	announces	points	budget	policy	agree	president	bush	insisting	cutting	taxation	corporations	richest	americans	time	money	social	programmes	drying	bush	launching	budget	deficit	era	easier	sell	proposals	period	belttightening	national	security	concerns	deeper	international	crisis	george	bush	event	crisis	dragging	reelected	usa	attack	iraq	iran	north	korea	concept	axis	evil	surely	president's	lips	time	concerns	genuine	threat	convenient	electoral	tool
17--------------
topic:	169	bush	president	iran	world	speech	states	united	countries	terrorism	policy
file label:axisofevil
members	congress	guests	applauded	times	president	george	bush's	annual	state	union	speech	address	bush	changed	warning	evil	empire	term	president	ronald	reagan	describe	soviet	union	communism	access	evil	united	states	enemy	enemy	comprises	nations	terrorist	organizations	bush	specifically	named	north	korea	iran	iraq	countries	referred	pariah	evil	nations	definition	term	pariah	nations	obstacle	prohibits	prevents	free	world	imposing	sanctions	president	bush	speech	give	details	september	terrorist	operations	revealed	transpires	living	world	threatened	tens	thousands	terrorists	trained	terrorist	camps	scattered	scores	nations	speech	president	bush	upped	intensity	militarypolitical	rhetoric	vague	administration's	policy	iraq	future	ties	north	korea	president	bill	clinton's	administration	encourage	rapprochement	koreas	striking	reference	iran	week	president	bush	warned	iran	obstructing	stability	afghanistan	mentioning	speech	bush	affirmed	administration	thinking	deal	countries	surrounding	afghanistan	iran	effective	role	play	country	surprised	president	bush's	repeated	reference	iran	countries	access	evil	september	operations	hints	suggesting	washington	viewing	iran	angle	changed	bush	administration's	position	mixed	signals	coming	iran	represent	true	reflection	internal	political	climate	country	years	political	groups	iranian	authority	speaking	voices	iraq	hints	war	president	bush's	speech	hints	suggesting	resort	means	achieve	goal	economic	pressure	diplomatic	isolation	total	boycott	limited	military	operations	support	opposition	groups	smell	danger	president	bush's	speech	clear	united	states	decision	adopt	tough	policy	reviewing	scattered	cases	terrorism	bush	turned	world	single	front	terrorism	proliferation	weapons	mass	destruction	returned	world	cold	war	era	foreign	policy	driven	notion	anticommunism	problem	mistakes	committed	mistakes	policy	feared	fight	terrorism	cover	goals	speech	state	union	president	bush	underlining	unilateral	role	united	states	dropping	coalition	terrorism	important	recall	entire	world	protest	september	attacks	urged	washington	coordinate	partners	allies	wake	bush	speech	questions	arise	administration	reconcile	domestic	pressure	action	world	pressure	consult	allies	friends	world	embarking	action	bush	talked	goals	telling	means	achieve	goals	prevent	terrorists	countries	seek	acquire	weapons	mass	destruction	threatening	united	states	world	goal	prevent	countries	support	terrorism	threatening	united	states	allies	weapons	mass	destruction	terrorism	important	firmness	apparent	bush's	speech	means	world	possibility	united	states	achieve	goals	attachments
18--------------
topic:	125	bush	bush's	korea	north	japan	tokyo	president	japanese	talks	feb
file label:axisofevil
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	seoul	feb	yonhap	north	korea	key	agenda	items	president	george	bush	consecutive	stops	tokyo	seoul	beijing	feb	diplomatic	experts	thursday	bush's	asian	trip	initially	scheduled	october	year	delayed	due	sept	terrorist	attacks	united	states	subsequent	usled	war	afghanistan	north	korea	issue	flared	bush	labeled	north	korea	iran	iraq	axis	evil	jan	state	union	address	issue	alleged	attempts	secure	weapons	mass	destruction	seoul	tokyo	beijing	washington	interests	resolving	north	korea	issue	feb	talks	president	kim	daejung	bush	focus	charges	north	developing	weapons	mass	destruction	export	rogue	nations	leaders	address	north	korea's	conventional	military	posture	reconfirming	traditional	cooperation	dealing	north	korea	north	korea	bush	meets	japanese	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	related	development	seoul	government	reportedly	decided	resume	talks	north	korea	deliver	concerns	united	states	international	community	weapons	mass	destruction	conventional	weapons	decision	apparently	aims	seoul	primary	negotiator	talks	pyongyang	kimbush	summit	kim	administration	convey	plans	united	states	bush's	asian	trip	serve	turning	point	government's	north	korea	policy	north	korea	likened	bush's	axis	evil	remark	declaration	war	bush's	aides	downplayed	severity	bush's	words	administration	seeks	negotiations	north	war	addition	bush	discuss	ways	countries	support	usled	antiterrorism	campaign	extend	mission	afghanistan	bush's	visit	seoul	inauguration	early	year	meeting	president	kim	met	shanghai	october	washington	march	tokyo	sunday	tuesday	bush	support	koizumi's	economic	reform	efforts	express	willingness	japan	regain	economic	vitality	visiting	china	feb	bush	jiang	address	followup	steps	china's	entry	world	trade	organization	struggle	aids	north	korea	issue
19--------------
topic:	56	axis	evil	military	japan	president	states	united	iraq	government	prime
file label:axisofevil
issues	deal	iraq	iran	north	korea	president	branded	axis	evil	statement	fight	international	terrorism	activation	japanese	economy	major	topics	discussion	japanus	summit	talks	held	february	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	president	george	bush	axis	evil	prime	minister	explained	resolve	buckle	issue	continuously	cooperating	united	states	addition	diplomatic	efforts	japanese	government	forced	concrete	actions	including	improvement	legal	system	case	united	states	takes	military	actions	regard	economic	recovery	hand	president	announced	full	support	prime	minister's	structural	reform	measures	fight	deflation	turned	prime	minister	shoulder	burden	firmly	carrying	reforms	realizing	early	economic	recovery	international	pledges	diplomacy	security	comments	axis	evil	reflect	firm	resolve	president	bush	united	states	terrorism	cooperating	united	states	japan	initiative	tackling	issue	eradication	terrorism	joint	news	conference	held	summit	talks	prime	minister	announced	understanding	approval	president's	statement	designed	deal	axis	evil	clarified	posture	japan	cooperate	united	states	president	bush	matter	axis	evil	japan's	economic	recovery	topics	beginning	summit	talks	discussion	axis	evil	main	purpose	president's	visit	japan	prime	minister	announced	cooperation	united	states	fully	understands	united	states	japan's	cooperation	senior	foreign	ministry	official	options	table	deal	axis	evil	president	stated	summit	talks	seek	peaceful	settlement	explained	view	aimed	solving	issue	diplomatic	means	time	president	announced	axis	evil	statement	january	iran	iraq	north	korea	hard	fear	confrontation	united	states	deny	involvement	terrorism	proliferation	mass	destruction	weapons	strategy	beginning	work	foreign	ministry	source	tighten	noose	axis	evil	japanese	government	seek	understanding	cooperation	european	countries	critical	president	time	japan	plans	work	iran	north	korea	japan's	diplomatic	channels	settlement	issue	government	source	president	bush	envisions	options	deny	possibility	united	states	military	actions	biggest	concern	case	japan's	military	support	system	government	enact	law	emergencies	area	surrounding	japan	united	states	takes	military	actions	north	korea	reality	problems	including	role	sharing	joint	actions	military	settle	apply	law	defense	agency	source	possibility	armed	attacks	japan	improvement	emergency	legislation	system	case	military	actions	iran	hand	judging	lessons	learned	gulf	war	japan	relies	crude	oil	middle	east	refuse	offering	cooperation	defense	agency	source	strong	view	officials	government	ruling	parties	application	law	special	measures	deal	terrorism	difficult	law	limited	dealing	september	terrorist	attacks	united	states	iraq	expected	fight	attacked	lead	issue	exercising	collective	selfdefense	japanese	government	forced	introduce	diverse	legislation	purpose	giving	cooperation	military	actions
20--------------
topic:	56	axis	evil	military	japan	president	states	united	iraq	government	prime
file label:axisofevil
japanus	summit	meeting	february	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	expressed	understanding	president	george	bush's	remarks	iran	iraq	dprk	north	korea	axis	evil	left	impression	japan	stands	issue	european	countries	cool	bush's	axis	evil	rhetoric	difficult	japan	provide	support	attacked	afghanistan	forces	launch	military	action	iraq	japanese	government	put	difficult	position	meeting	officials	held	outset	summit	president	economic	issues	referred	axis	evil	remark	urged	japan	follow	international	community	cooperate	change	iran	iraq	north	korea's	action	pattern	spreading	weapons	mass	destruction	options	including	military	action	table	european	countries	critical	bush's	axis	evil	remark	french	foreign	minister	hubert	vedrine	criticized	remark	simplistic	interpretation	world	koizumi	remark	indication	president's	strong	resolve	fight	terrorism	repeatedly	suggested	possibility	military	action	government	iraqi	president	saddam	husayn	military	attack	iraq	japan	shown	understanding	axis	evil	remark	asked	provide	active	support	attacks	afghanistan	difficult	selfdefense	forces	provide	logistic	support	forces	attacking	iraq	special	antiterrorism	law	aimed	eradicating	terrorism	enacted	terrorist	attacks	september	politically	difficult	enact	law	declining	support	koizumi	cabinet	source	prime	minister's	official	residence	japan	give	support	attacks	iraq	understanding	axis	evil	rhetoric	bush's	expectations	koizumi	administration	change	disappointment	japanese	government	expressed	understanding	bush's	axis	evil	remark	hope	military	action	koizumi	noted	international	community	cooperate	tackling	iraqi	issues	enthusiastically	asked	bush	bold	launching	military	action	reply	president	resolve	issues	peacefully	intend	continue	diplomatic	efforts	unclear	japan	prevent	military	action
21--------------
topic:	108	bush	iraq	north	minister	weapons	states	korea	united	war	president
file label:axisofevil
tokyo	feb	afp	president	george	bush	monday	options	table	deal	iraq	iran	north	korea	germany	warned	adventure	iraq	start	asian	tour	bush	dismissed	chilly	reception	allies	axis	evil	rhetoric	telling	reporters	tokyo	options	table	resolve	issues	peacefully	iraq	iran	north	korea	bush	speaking	japanese	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	bush	lumped	countries	terms	axis	evil	language	riled	allies	president	renewed	pledge	thwart	terrorist	groups	mate	regimes	hoping	acquire	weapons	mass	destruction	nations	usled	war	terrorism	extended	people	love	freedom	understand	nations	transparent	nations	terrible	history	nations	dictatorial	starve	people	mate	terrorist	organizations	bush	asked	french	foreign	minister	hubert	vedrine's	criticism	axis	concept	simplistic	bush	understand	international	arena	people	leaders	talked	understand	happen	understand	commitment	afghanistan	history	unique	opportunity	defend	freedom	added	bush	arrived	tokyo	sunday	start	weeklong	trip	seoul	beijing	held	talks	koizumi	war	effort	afghanistan	leaders	specifically	talk	military	action	country	senior	administration	official	bush	due	travel	seoul	tuesday	day	visit	heavily	fortified	noman's	land	south	korea	communist	north	korea	united	states	maintains	troops	korean	peninsula	bush	called	demilitarised	zone	dividing	south	korea	hardline	communist	northern	neighbour	dangerous	places	earth	tough	stand	p'yongyang	provoked	concern	seoul	president	kim	taechung	year	fiveyear	term	prise	hermit	state	isolation	south	korean	ministers	fear	bush's	tough	talking	put	years	kim's	socalled	sunshine	policy	establishing	permanent	peace	angry	antius	protests	erupted	seoul	bush's	arrival	police	storming	american	chamber	commerce	detaining	students	occupying	building	threehour	occupation	protesters	hurled	leaflets	proclaiming	bush	war	freak	diplomats	bush	seek	support	kim's	nobel	prize	winning	policy	offering	talks	north	remaining	firm	north	korea's	missile	sales	feared	chemical	biological	weapons	programmes	north	korea	remains	unconvinced	calling	bush	head	empire	evil	state	media	week	bush	bellicose	heinous	president	added	visit	intended	fan	war	hysteria	officials	stressed	firm	military	plans	exist	expanding	war	terror	launched	september	attacks	late	sunday	iraqi	president	saddam	hussein	secret	fact	world	safer	iraqi	people	regime	deserve	regime	national	security	adviser	condoleezza	rice	told	cbs	television	washington	long	accused	baghdad	sanctions	invasion	kuwait	developing	weapons	mass	destruction	baghdad	insisted	sunday	threat	united	states	united	states	threatening	iraq	contrary	attacking	iraq	aththawra	mouthpiece	ruling	baath	party	baghdad	iraq	possessed	weapons	threaten	united	states	threaten	country	possesses	weapons	mass	destruction	destroy	entire	planets	berlin	germany's	chief	government	spokesman	uwekarsten	heye	told	journalists	federal	government	imagine	united	states	government	interest	engaging	adventure	iraq	chancellor	gerhard	schroeder	pledged	undivided	support	fight	terrorism	week	september	attacks	world	trade	center	pentagon	germany	ready	risks	including	military	adventures	insisted	allies	informed	consulted	plans	german	government	spokesman	observers	enter	iraq	check	weapons	mass	destruction	german	foreign	minister	joschka	fischer	week	sharply	criticised	bush's	axis	evil	remarks	telling	newspaper	concept	iran	long	tense	relations	western	neighbor	voiced	opposition	strike	iraq	hope	issue	solved	peaceful	means	initiatives	secretary	general	active	role	foreign	minister	kamal	kharazi	told	news	conference	hope	iraq	favourable	response	weapon	inspectors	return	country	added	kharazi	foreigners	arrested	iran's	border	pakistan	members	alqaeda	terror	network	admitted	sympathisers	home	countries	held	women	children	number	men	european	north	african	middle	east	origin	including	handful	afghans	diplomatic	source	affair	embarrassing	european	countries	insistence	americans	judging	supported	alqaeda	washington	alleges	tehran	allowed	alqa'ida	fighters	members	taliban	regime	enter	iran	iranian	officials	hotly	denied	act	evidence	verbal	attack	kharazi	accused	united	states	wanting	exercise	world	dictatorship	horrible	attacks	september	america's	rulers	proved	trusted	seeking	unilaterally	masters	world	sweep	competitors	countries	afghan	interim	interior	minister	yunus	qanooni	told	afp	suspects	week's	murder	aviation	tourism	minister	abdul	rahman	arrested	saudi	arabia	afghanistan
22--------------
topic:	116	states	united	people	america	terrorist	world	war	allies	antiamericanism	envy
file label:axisofevil
annual	address	congress	american	people	president	named	countries	regimes	thinks	pose	threat	world	countries	north	korea	iran	iraq	axis	evil	named	islamic	terrorist	groups	israel's	india's	blacklist	george	bush's	presentation	concrete	references	objects	washington's	extraordinary	attention	exhausted	selection	open	question	selection	difference	hamas	movement	supporters	hesitate	terrorist	methods	resistance	israeli	occupation	palestinian	territories	groups	chechen	radicals	methods	struggle	establishing	independent	state	incidentally	founders	israeli	state	hesitate	methods	yield	form	terrorism	justify	apparent	opportunistic	selectivity	final	analysis	jeopardize	success	global	war	perceived	extremely	sensitively	arab	islamic	world	almostmissile	trio	answering	question	george	bush	mentioned	iraq	iran	people's	republic	korea	countries	regimes	foreign	department	considers	rogue	situation	bit	clearer	issue	compared	remaining	part	blacklist	libya	syria	sudan	somalia	trio	greatest	progress	effort	obtain	missile	technologies	chemical	bacteriological	nuclear	weapons	states	terrorist	allies	constitute	axis	evil	arming	threaten	peace	world	seeking	weapons	mass	destruction	regimes	pose	grave	growing	danger	provide	arms	terrorists	stated	bush	answer	question	proceed	effectively	trio	west	european	media	reactions	critical	remarks	bush	shaking	finger	warning	iran	analysts	pointing	policy	weakens	positions	moderate	forces	plays	hands	fundamentalists	pressure	budget	president	clear	administration	spare	expenses	guarantee	increased	security	united	states	allies	antiterrorist	war	costs	federal	treasury	huge	amount	money	direct	expenses	reach	billion	month	million	day	bush	pointed	afghanistan	concerned	war	beginning	army	prepared	future	operations	department	defense	budget	increased	percent	year	received	fiscal	year	means	sum	comparable	amount	times	cold	war	confrontation
23--------------
topic:	196	united	states	strategy	minister	japanus	axis	evil	president	prime	action
file label:axisofevil
justcompleted	japanus	summit	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	president	george	bush	primary	topics	discussed	covered	actions	iraq	iran	north	korea	designated	president	axis	evil	recovery	japanese	economy	standpoint	global	economic	stability	resulting	confirmation	japanus	collaboration	topics	covered	complex	issues	future	clouded	leaders	vowed	assume	bold	challenge	exchanged	firm	handshakes	positions	important	nations	world	words	spoken	leaders	positioning	japanus	alliance	faced	difficulties	terms	global	security	economic	concern	history	gave	united	states	opportunity	defend	freedom	action	allies	offered	cooperation	hypothesis	irrelevant	statement	joint	japanus	leaders	news	conference	held	official	prime	minister's	residence	japanus	summit	president	emphatically	response	reporter's	question	secure	assistance	allies	response	axis	evil	prime	minister	koizumi	aligned	established	distinct	cooperative	stance	response	president	displayed	unrelenting	resolve	confidence	fighting	terrorism	declaring	expression	axis	evil	reflects	resolute	determination	united	states	deal	terrorism	japan	assume	initiative	action	collaborating	united	states	global	society	advance	summit	officials	ministry	foreign	affairs	mofa	visualized	statements	response	axis	evil	providing	balance	collaboration	united	states	peaceful	solutions	prime	minister	koizumi's	message	emphasized	collaboration	united	states	reaction	betterthanexpected	response	accompanying	presidential	sources	acknowledged	obtained	extremely	strong	support	noon	days	summit	iranian	deputy	foreign	minister	asia	pacific	mohser	aminzadeh	emergency	visit	japan	conferred	thenadministrative	vice	minister	yoshiji	nogami	deputy	minister	aminzadeh	repeatedly	view	current	strong	conservative	factions	assuming	rigid	stance	united	states	speak	openly	improving	relations	united	states	reformist	president	seyed	mohammad	khatami	desire	confrontation	united	states	request	prime	minister	koizumi	serve	bridge	relations	president	bush	names	iran	member	axis	evil	nogami	grimly	replied	iran	refrain	actions	referred	aid	terrorists	united	states	possesses	solid	evidence	conditions	change	japan	assume	defensive	stand	statement	axis	evil	showing	diplomatic	effect	mofa	officials	noticed	iran	sheepishly	making	approach	mofa	officials	immensely	impressed	strategy	inherent	statement	axis	evil	president	bush	called	peaceful	resolution	connection	actions	axis	evil	united	states	viewed	organizing	global	encirclement	achieve	diplomatic	victory	scenario	assured	success	underpinned	president	bush's	policy	excluding	variety	options	inclusive	military	action	summit	prime	minister	koizumi	maintained	clearcut	collaborative	stance	united	states	emphasized	impression	president	objective	circumspect	suggested	caution	resorting	military	action	backdrop	reality	japanese	government	possess	strategy	envisioning	military	actions	legal	system	organization	collaborate	united	states	event	military	action	liberal	democratic	party	ldp	diet	member	expert	defense	issues	prime	minister	koizumi's	statements	actions	response	axis	evil	viewed	encompassing	promise	collaborate	premise	overseas	military	actions	source	expresses	concern	prime	minister	koizumi	retreat	position	future	disappoint	united	states	world	strategy	hobbled	lead	questions	significance	japanus	alliance	possibility	strong	united	states	launch	attack	iraq	suggests	takushoku	university	professor	satoshi	morimoto	continues	collaborating	united	states	japan	embrace	strategies	simultaneous	multiple	terrorist	attacks	september	year	caused	change	defense	strategy	antiterrorist	war	objective	japanus	alliance	changing	regional	defense	global	strategy	japanese	governments	restructure	japanus	alliance	strategy	dialogue	establish	japanus	role	assignments	addition	morimoto	lists	specific	topics	covered	strategy	dialogue	chinaasia	strategy	inclusive	north	korea	middle	east	strategy	including	iraq	iran	designation	military	roles	collective	selfdefense	rights	japan	expressed	willingness	collaborate	world	strategy	fight	terrorism	true	japanus	alliance	critical	world	requires	action	mere	lip	service	attachments	tokyo	sankei	shimbun	feb
24--------------
topic:	33	states	countries	united	evil	iraq	iran	axis	war	world	bush
file label:axisofevil
beijing	feb	xinhua	state	union	address	president	bush	unexpectedly	labeled	iran	iraq	democratic	people's	republic	korea	axis	evil	statement	immediately	caused	extensive	controversy	countries	mentioned	reacted	strongly	countries	abrupt	started	decipher	message	axis	evil	exist	today's	world	answer	negative	mention	word	axis	inevitably	reminded	military	alliance	formed	fascist	germany	italy	japan	world	war	ii	military	alliance	powerful	constantly	quest	expansion	brutal	reeked	blood	turning	world	upside	unjust	support	destined	collapse	disintegrate	meet	total	failure	reputation	ruined	historical	records	earned	eternal	notoriety	title	axis	international	relations	country	avoid	iran	iraq	dprk	naturally	clean	dirty	water	thrown	form	axis	imperative	form	alliance	alliance	whatsoever	iran	iraq	dprk	iran	iraq	loggerheads	day	terms	strength	countries	mentioned	breath	germany	italy	japan	contrary	developing	nations	experienced	slow	economic	development	sanctions	imposed	west	chance	boosting	military	strength	significantly	case	superpower	today's	world	insisted	axis	evil	president	bush	countries	sponsor	terrorism	attempt	develop	weapons	mass	destruction	conclusive	evidence	indicating	government	involved	september	incident	terrorist	attacks	happened	united	states	year	iran	clear	stand	support	war	terror	incident	developed	weapons	mass	destruction	countries	denied	united	states	kind	weapons	united	states	world's	number	nuclear	nation	indirectly	terrorists	risking	danger	completely	annihilated	countries	common	denominator	values	polices	agree	united	states	good	terms	united	states	people	suspect	purpose	united	states	putting	iran	iraq	dprk	box	evil	axis	prepare	public	opinion	strikes	foes	banner	fighting	terror	present	international	community	responded	favor	theory	evil	axis	countries	including	china	clear	stand	willful	expansion	war	terror	day	russian	foreign	minister	ivanov	unacceptable	russia	mechanically	extend	scope	antiterrorist	action	country	including	iraq	russian	side	stressed	time	time	united	states	accusations	iran	iraq	dprk	settled	framework	raised	objections	hostile	action	countries	authorization	security	council	fact	ally	britain	western	countries	antiterrorist	military	action	conducted	restraint	danger	losing	control	emerge	market	theory	evil	axis	limited
25--------------
topic:	22	states	evil	united	war	president	countries	axis	american	latin	d'etat
file label:axisofevil
president	giving	kinds	speeches	improvised	devoid	slips	tongue	carefully	written	studied	aspect	represents	official	policy	country	controversy	type	credible	improvisation	indication	inclinations	personal	convictions	president	improvising	expressing	runs	mind	tongue	extension	heart	hand	written	speeches	indicative	policy	drafted	decisionmaking	circles	final	decision	president	state	union	address	president	joint	meeting	house	representatives	senate	year	preprepared	speech	phrase	carefully	studied	phrase	referred	iran	iraq	north	korea	axis	evil	axis	term	created	mussolini	signifying	alliance	germany	italy	japan	evil	term	president	reagan	describe	soviet	union	evil	selfdestructive	causing	country	collapse	axis	evil	bush	combining	words	mussolini	reagan	successful	choice	viable	describe	terrorist	organizations	evil	viable	countries	politicians	refer	good	evil	purposes	intimidation	exaggeration	world	war	ii	axis	countries	strong	bound	alliance	axis	represents	small	developing	countries	linked	alliance	cooperation	fact	iraq	iran	involved	longest	destructive	war	century	north	korea	country	living	isolation	keeping	good	evil	mentioned	axis	evil	remove	suspicion	united	states	hostility	islam	iran	united	states	eager	open	dialogue	reform	school	iran	progressing	expense	traditional	conservative	school	united	states	involved	war	leaves	iraq	washington	circles	antagonize	war	united	states	wages	war	iraq	necessity	war	terrorism	choice	confirms	extremist	inclinations	members	administration
26--------------
topic:	72	states	president	government	united	chien	evil	argentina's	policies	bush	foreign
file label:axisofevil
president	george	bush	insisting	insane	plan	lump	iraq	iran	north	korea	sees	axis	evil	france's	finance	minister	laurent	fabius	thinks	united	states	fails	understand	secure	future	increase	development	aid	absolutely	essential	fabius	feeling	countries	poor	spain's	head	government	current	eu	council	president	jose	maria	aznar	historic	moment	europeans	north	americans	redefine	alliance	americans	contrary	secretary	state	colin	powell	resign	highestranking	military	officer	gulf	war	held	attack	iraq	inappropriate	admonishing	europeans	criticizing	united	states	dictatorial	regime	baghdad	previously	powell	antiterrorist	chain	break	iraq	attacked	approval	europeans	today	action	europeans	british	european	grateful	americans	falklands	war	united	states	europe	count	axis	evil	necessarily	expression	europeans	eu	commissioner	external	security	policy	javier	solana	dwell	choice	words	precisely	choice	words	dwell	evil	politics	unmanageable	concept	manicheaism	late	antiquity	manes	religion's	founder	presupposes	light	darkness	good	evil	mind	matter	irreconcilably	opposed	forces	americans	live	convincing	concept	enemy	time	native	americans	weeks	george	bush	appears	determined	install	government	baghdad	declared	creation	palestinian	state	good	decided	protests	jerusalem	bush	backtracked	avoid	cultural	war	talked	long	force	iran	side	saddam	husayn	jim	hoagland	washington	post	understood	bush	planning	longer	wars	expected	president	manage	change	world	hoagland	noted	critically	change	world	command	matter	objective	differences	opinion	wild	differences	resolved	compromise	reached	political	classes	united	states	america	special	god's	country	american	damned	proud	american	mentality	change	mankind	legal	system	good	enemy	consequence	sight	thought	ten	years	united	states	capable	carrying	fighters	afghan	civil	war	sea	depriving	rights	vegetating	place	rights	intention	deny	appeal	court	law	united	states	true	washington	emphasizes	repeatedly	united	states	war	prisoners	war	long	denied	people	suspects	german	foreign	policy	late	senses	usfriendly	member	federal	government	foreign	minister	joschka	fischer	reproached	washington	narrow	concept	security	meaning	money	maximum	arms	procurement	development	aid	simultaneously	solidarity	limits	alliance	partners	joschka	satellites
27--------------
topic:	51	states	united	remarks	world	country	war	countries	wmd	state	evil
file label:axisofevil
war	maniacs	united	states	bush	administration	continue	spew	vicious	remarks	strong	protest	denunciation	people	world	vicious	remarks	called	country	axis	evil	state	union	address	revealed	president	talked	nonsense	targets	antiterrorism	war	include	international	terrorist	organizations	countries	develop	weapons	mass	destruction	question	wmddeveloping	countries	pointed	including	country	iraq	iran	highranking	officials	administration	including	vice	president	cheney	actively	chimed	absurd	remarks	inspecting	air	force	bases	time	cheney	maintained	united	states	accept	wmd	threats	highranking	officials	state	defense	departments	preposterous	remarks	country	world's	biggest	exporter	wmd	ballistic	missiles	relevant	technology	diversionary	tactic	divert	criticism	people	world	provoked	fact	bush	announcement	axis	evil	caused	great	controversy	world	united	states	strong	criticism	denunciation	rejection	countries	world	cornered	impartial	public	opinion	people	due	bush's	referring	iraq	iran	country	axis	evil	bush	fact	remarks	state	union	address	remarks	absolutely	reputation	united	states	carrying	kinds	vicious	conduct	united	states	ring	leader	empire	evil	perpetrates	spiteful	conduct	kinds	worldwide	united	states	possesses	world's	largest	quantity	wmd	inflicted	nuclear	disaster	humankind	united	states	international	situation	complex	state	haywire	dominate	world	gangsterlike	logic	country	label	countries	dignified	sovereign	states	members	axis	evil	world	decrying	united	states	extent	report	majority	residents	united	states	denouncing	bush's	reckless	remarks	matter	fact	fellow	wrote	bush's	address	inevitably	submitted	resignation	foreign	news	reported	white	house	announced	david	frum	white	house	official	wrote	president	bush's	address	submitted	resignation	fact	signifies	inevitably	leave	white	house	driven	antibush	hot	winds	world	imperialist	war	maniacs	clinging	conspiracy	order	escape	predicament	divert	arrows	aimed	directions	crafted	socalled	sales	weapons	mass	destruction	ballistic	missiles	concerned	technology	sales	order	add	credibility	imperialist	war	maniacs	conspiracy	forget	label	country	number	country	wmd	ballistic	missiles	sales	concerned	technology	sales	mentioned	accustomed	trickery	fall	acts	mentioned	earlier	united	states	produces	possesses	greatest	number	nuclear	weapons	wmd	united	states	threatens	countries	satisfied	united	states	develop	nuclear	weapons	resuming	underground	nuclear	tests	future	simply	blatant	act	world's	worst	rogue	state	harm	conduct	united	states	invite	worse	criticism	rejection	world	people	future	authorities	stop	acts	making	remarks	smear	faces	continue	unjust	acts	future	fight	imperialist	war	maniacs	including	bush	threaten	national	dignity	settle	scores	united	states	dampen	bend	unwavering
28--------------
topic:	197	china	united	rights	report	human	states	government	cuban	tibet	million
file label:guantanamo
havana	january	xinhua	cuba	create	obstacles	decision	hold	part	taliban	alqaeda	war	prisoners	naval	base	guantanamo	cuban	government	statement	friday	time	cuban	government	expressed	position	holding	taliban	alqaeda	prisoners	territory	guantanamo	part	cuban	territory	cuban	government	create	obstacles	transfer	war	prisoners	guantanamo	bay	hands	spanish	american	war	united	states	refused	give	facility	sealed	cuba	heavily	guarded	kilometer	perimeter	fence	cuban	objection	continued	existence	statement	cuban	government	country	maintain	close	contacts	military	personnel	naval	base	group	war	prisoners	afghanistan	arrived	friday	afternoon	naval	base	guantanamo	southeastern	tip	cuba	kilometers	capital	city	havana
29--------------
topic:	78	prisoners	base	military	rights	kandahar	detainees	lowell	thursday	defence	told
file label:guantanamo
begins	flying	afghan	prisoners	cuba	washington	military	thursday	began	flying	alqaeda	taliban	prisoners	heavy	guard	afghanistan	jail	american	navy	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	military	spokesman	air	force	cargo	plane	detainees	held	afghanistan	departed	kandahar	air	base	est	gmt	marine	corps	maj	brad	lowell	spokesman	central	command	tampa	florida	plane	lowell	declined	prisoners	arrive	facilities	surrounded	razor	wire	navy	base	guantanamo	bay	defence	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	told	reporters	major	security	precautions	moving	prisoners	including	hardline	antiwestern	followers	fugitive	guerrilla	leader	osama	bin	laden	lowell	smallarms	fire	directed	troops	kandahar	base	aircraft	early	evening	afghanistan	time	fired	injuries	reported	result	gunfire	base	added	aircraft	departed	earlier	marines	operating	base	received	fire	time	aircraft	danger	perform	evasive	maneuvers	lowell	marines	dealing	kandahar	threat	marines	process	dealing	threat	initial	reports	injuries	marine	spokesman	kandahar	told	cnn	late	thursday	gunfire	snipers	penetrated	outer	perimeter	base	believed	linked	transfer	prisoners	isolated	incidents	detainee	movement	official	notification	morning	lt	james	jarvis	affect	transfer	detainees	simply	adequate	security	washington	defense	officials	earlier	unprecedented	security	including	chains	possibly	sedation	hoods	transporting	prisoners	include	members	bin	laden's	alqaeda	guerrilla	network	officials	asked	identified	planning	called	prisoners	charged	crimes	manacled	outnumbered	specially	trained	guards	carrying	incapacitating	stun	guns	confirmed	report	usa	today	consideration	tranquilizing	detainees	covering	heads	hoods	flights	hours	human	rights	advocacy	group	amnesty	international	expressed	concern	reports	prisoners	drugged	hooded	shackled	treated	full	respect	international	standards	restraints	applied	humanely	adequate	opportunity	prisoner	move	limbs	bathroom	eat	drink	group	statement	rumsfeld	told	reporters	thursday	effort	secure	hardline	prisoners	considered	dangerous	possibly	suicidal	followers	bin	laden	alqaeda	leaders	accused	washington	masterminding	september	suicide	aircraft	attacks	york	washington	military	officials	authorized	instructed	restraints	fully	aware	dangerous	individuals	press	conference	australian	defence	minister	robert	hill	kill	prisoners	people	perfectly	kill	kill	people	rumsfeld	added	details	pentagon	consulted	experts	prisons	prisoners	military	control	prisoners	base	kandahar	bagram	air	base	kabul	mazarisharif	aboard	navy	helicopter	assault	ship	uss	bataan	northern	indian	ocean	pentagon	refused	discuss	details	transfer	defence	department	spokeswoman	victoria	clarke	thursday	announcements	detainees	arrived	secluded	base	highsecurity	barbed	wireenclosed	facility	built	treated	humanely	accordance	geneva	convention	clarke	told	reporters	convention	sets	rights	responsibilities	war	prisoners	guards	hundreds	military	police	marine	corps	reinforcements	flown	gitmo	base	called	cuba	prisoners	held	compound	ringed	fences	topped	razor	wire	day	held	small	cells	concrete	floor	chainlink	walls	spotlights	night	american	john	walker	captured	fighting	bin	laden's	vanquished	protectors	taliban	brought	guantanamo	defence	department	announced	decision	detainees	transferred	face	military	courts	martial	authorized	president	george	bush	wake	september	attacks	close	scrutiny	civil	rights	groups	rumsfeld	studying	trials	held	protecting	rights	defendants	keeping	tight	security	war	terrorism	declared	bush	attacks	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
30--------------
topic:	126	statues	november	booster	year	taliban	launch	space	russian	baykonur	launched
file label:guantanamo
midweek	wheel	turns	vengeance	taliban	camp	xray	cuba's	guantanamo	bay	continues	fill	muslim	militants	sworn	die	captured	situation	clear	hell	world	disturbed	conditions	gitmo	united	states	dismisses	concerns	prison	remember	black	hole	mazarisharif	anxiety	arises	sense	cultural	gulf	prisoners	captors	vast	genuinely	diet	peanut	butter	bagel	chips	considered	cruel	inhuman	punishment	suffering	prisoners	great	prayers	led	victorious	enemy	soldier	worse	lot	crouched	cages	cuba	afghanistan	tvs	glowing	bollywood	bellowing	men	shaving	women	unveiling	sending	daughters	school	feel	hapless	vanquished	limbo	rock	caribbean	hope	follow	threads	tortured	consciences	labyrinth	duly	met	eaten	minotaur	doubly	difficult	afghans	administration	home	country	rebuilding	buddhas	bamiyan	potential	tourist	attraction	year	taliban	blew	monumental	sandstone	statues	northcentral	afghanistan	time	rest	handle	insult	human	sensibilities	emulate	gautama	buddha	profess	relief	statues	good	likeness	clothes	looked	statues	fashion	sense	influenced	greeks	alexander	great	passed	giving	india	likenesses	buddha	deathbed	composite	arise	decline	work	salvation	diligence	enamoured	statues	supposes	motivation	blew	statues	leave	giant	holes	afghan	landscape	process	paying	unthinking	tribute	buddha's	subtlest	profound	teachings	nature	impermanence	perils	delusion	statues	defaced	long	finally	reduced	rubble	lost	face	entire	head	big	hole	crotch	launched	rocketpropelled	grenade	judging	demeanour	statue	felt	taliban	commander	aimed	rpg	ascribing	human	characteristics	lump	stone	disturbing	sin	rocket	supposedly	intended	expunge	poor	bulletscarred	statues	sad	foolish	final	immolation	year	put	misery	speak	time	stretch	ardent	apologist	veil	compassion	elastic	pull	great	big	holes	earth	moment	fabric	compassion	tore	worlds	cracked	contrast	conflict	civilisational	values	great	remove	sense	common	ground	battle	sides	divide	gratuitously	destructive	event	spectacularly	unconscionable	taliban	afghan	society	years	reign	demolition	buddhas	bamiyan	march	cleaved	rift	civilisations	rammed	wide	open	hijacked	aircraft	america	months	cauterised	molten	metal	military	ironically	pass	year	afghan	order	dreaming	rebuilding	statues	left	taliban	sits	cells	world	beardless	bald	clad	saffron	copyright	straits	times	press	malaysia	berhad	balai	berita	jalan	riong	kuala	lumpur	malaysia
31--------------
topic:	96	hicks	al	qaeda	australian	taliban	british	captives	australia	cuba	afghanistan
file label:guantanamo
geneva	convention	applies	taliban	al	qaeda	washington	feb	white	house	thursday	declared	geneva	convention	applies	taliban	forces	afghanistan	phase	war	terrorism	osama	bin	laden's	al	qaeda	followers	president	bush	today	decided	geneva	convention	apply	taliban	detainees	al	qaeda	international	terrorists	bush	spokesman	ari	fleischer	told	reporters	move	fevered	criticism	including	key	allies	stemming	alleged	mistreatment	taliban	al	qaeda	detainees	united	states	holding	camp	xray	guantanamo	bay	cuba	change	material	life	daytoday	basis	continue	treated	united	states	fleischer	noted	group	granted	prisoner	war	status	al	qaeda	international	terrorist	group	considered	state	party	geneva	convention	members	covered	accord	spokesman	detainees	arrive	cuba	group	prisoners	captured	afghanistan	arrived	air	thursday	bringing	total	number	detainees	detainees	transported	stretchers	aboard	cargo	flight	left	kandahar	afghanistan	wednesday	flight	earlier	wednesday	military	resumed	controversial	flights	heavily	guarded	al	qaeda	taliban	captives	afghanistan	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	senior	official	official	asked	identified	told	newsmen	flight	captives	weeks	left	afghanistan	late	wednesday	arrive	isolated	prison	camp	late	thursday	official	prisoners	flight	flights	carrying	pentagon	calls	detainees	suspended	jan	defence	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	pending	expansion	outdoor	jail	facilities	american	base	total	captives	pentagon	refused	classify	prisoners	war	held	interrogated	guantanamo	criticism	treated	properly	geneva	convention	charged	crime	washington	maintained	prisoners	treated	humanely	shackled	blindfolded	captives	flown	cuba	kandahar	southern	afghanistan	tight	guard	housed	base	cagelike	outdoor	cells	detainees	gitmo	soldiers	call	base	nationalities	saudi	officials	gulf	kingdom	demanded	returned	face	justice	home	bush	week	saudi	arabia's	request	casebycase	basis	officials	doubted	happen	time	soonafpreuters	dawn	group	newspapers
32--------------
topic:	154	prisoners	soldiers	treatment	time	club	guarding	sleep	fed	lot	terrorists
file label:guantanamo
club	fed	invisible	troops	defensewatch	sfttorg	january	club	fed	invisible	troops	david	hackworth	brouhaha	created	breastbeating	humanrights	groups	military's	treatment	terrorist	scuzz	vacationing	pentagon's	opened	cuban	club	fed	eagerly	aided	abetted	press	prone	sensational	bleeding	hearts	claim	brutalizing	captives	forcing	wear	orange	jumpsuits	sleep	mats	exercise	daily	shower	frequently	eat	special	food	buddy	connecticut	cop	finds	protests	fascinating	lot	trouble	concentrating	job	prisoners	guantanamo	twinkle	eyes	adds	sleep	diet	prayer	time	happy	healthy	murder	chance	amen	perp	pal	responsible	world	trade	center	attack	jabbed	sharpened	comb	guard's	eye	pokey	time	bitten	soldiers	guarding	threatened	kill	close	folks	spent	leisure	time	afghanistan	skinning	captives	alive	playing	soccer	heads	kamikaze	killers	edge	categorize	creeps	living	lot	club	fed	caves	tora	bora	geneva	convention	rules	uniformed	soldiers	skyjackers	fly	commercial	planes	filled	moms	dads	office	buildings	manned	civilians	operating	computers	zealots	kill	arab	women	drive	car	cover	faces	alqaeda	terrorist	organization	state	crazies	wear	street	gear	operate	disguised	civilians	terrorists	dressed	pass	shot	spot	world	war	ii	korean	war	personally	offended	whistleblowers	give	damn	welfare	safety	sons	daughters	guarding	thugs	read	stories	dangers	face	politicians	bothered	inspect	kids	living	conditions	jetted	gitmo	check	terrorists	treatment	pick	tube	time	checked	discovered	army	military	police	guarding	terrorists	prisoners	treated	lot	pleased	brass	lawmakers	press	interested	wellbeing	detainees	soldiers	guarding	invisible	soldiers	army's	mp	company	fort	hood	texas	main	monsterwatchers	live	crap	extra	pay	tax	break	feel	rat's	ass	sergeant	officers	concerned	pentagon	damage	control	detainees	troops	detainees	sleep	soft	mats	nice	surfaced	floor	sleep	cots	tents	dirt	floors	hot	meals	day	fresh	fruit	regular	issues	snacks	sunflower	seeds	regular	clean	clothes	laundered	marine	supply	system	soldier	canned	food	mres	canned	fruit	buy	snacks	laundry	marine	general	beer	duty	army	leadership	running	scared	set	nodrinking	policy	troop	responsible	secure	prisoners	beer	red	cross	put	dangerous	situation	demands	sadly	leadership	soldier	told	lie	marine	inspectors	standards	requirements	marines	army's	wrong	stuck	middle	dogooders	editors	lawmakers	senior	army	leaders	remember	soldiers	human	beings	human	rights	side	story	charity	home
33--------------
topic:	97	terrorists	camp	xray	qaeda	al	taliban	treatment	american	terrorist	world
file label:guantanamo
stretching	case	inhumanity	washington	times	february	pg	stretching	case	inhumanity	terrorist	thugs	gitmo	deserve	treatment	vito	fossella	opportunity	tour	camp	xray	week	offer	america's	critics	simple	piece	advice	life	chronic	complainers	outraged	treatment	captured	taliban	al	qaeda	terrorists	detained	guantanamo	bay	cuba	absurdly	criticized	inhumane	decision	temporarily	place	prison	suits	handcuffs	blindfolds	terrorists	transfer	protect	military	personnel	guarding	demanded	upgraded	accommodations	seemingly	forgetting	leaders	worldwide	terrorist	organization	repeatedly	vowed	kill	innocent	americans	war	terror	treated	inhumanely	al	qaeda	taliban	terrorists	fed	clothed	cared	roaming	cold	caves	afghanistan	eat	nutritious	meals	day	including	halal	cereal	granola	bars	enjoy	large	cell	talking	freely	worshiping	prayer	leader	writing	home	evildoers	camp	xray	treatment	deserve	hot	showers	warm	caribbean	climate	access	exact	medical	care	military	personnel	live	base	critics	prefer	taliban	al	qaeda	terrorists	stay	ritzcarlton	contrast	men	women	military	extremely	dangerous	job	guarding	thugs	live	tents	cold	showers	hose	cope	benefits	electricity	home	months	serve	nation	dignity	honor	toured	camp	xray	stared	faces	evil	stood	feet	barbarians	weeks	earlier	fired	machine	guns	american	troops	incited	bloody	prison	riots	ambushes	boasted	plans	kill	innocent	people	feel	grief	anguish	lost	loved	september	war	afghanistan	doubt	opportunity	detainees	relished	chance	kill	arrival	campxray	terrorists	openly	threatened	marines	guard	talk	anxiously	returning	home	continue	terrorizing	american	people	greater	purpose	camp	xray	detaining	violent	enemies	united	states	guantanamo	bay	federal	officials	conducting	extensive	interviews	taliban	al	qaeda	terrorists	culling	information	terrorist	network	whereabouts	future	plans	tens	thousands	terrorists	trained	camps	living	world	intelligence	gathered	al	qaeda	detainees	uncovered	potential	plots	attack	american	embassies	nuclear	power	plants	public	water	facilities	caves	hideouts	al	qaeda	operatives	instruction	books	build	chemical	biological	weapons	detailed	maps	american	cities	descriptions	landmarks	type	work	occurring	camp	xray	prove	critical	preventing	attack	president	bush	america	deserve	appreciation	corners	globe	leading	world	war	terrorism	making	nation	safer	america's	treatment	taliban	al	qaeda	terrorists	camp	xray	opinion	good	murderous	thugs	lecturing	united	states	critics	spend	time	reminding	terrorists	detained	camp	xray	join	civilized	world	rep	vito	fossella	represents	congressional	district	york	including	staten	island	parts	brooklyn
34--------------
topic:	195	muslim	saifulislam	camp	prayer	military	cleric	religious	xray	officer	chaplain
file label:guantanamo
navy	officer	balances	religious	responsibilities	miami	herald	january	navy	officer	balances	religious	responsibilities	carol	rosenberg	guantanamo	bay	naval	base	cuba	firstever	american	muslim	cleric	minister	prison	camp	full	suspected	terrorists	confides	weapon	secret	breach	religious	confidentiality	navy	lt	abuhena	mohammad	saifulislam	search	resolve	clear	conflict	interest	crescent	moon	pin	stuck	left	lapel	lieutenant's	bars	side	uniform	general	softly	firmly	lifelong	practicing	muslim	softspoken	bangladesh	immigrant	navigating	uncharted	waters	juggling	complicated	loyalties	managing	international	spotlight	experienced	military	chaplain	contacts	prisoners	governed	confidentiality	priest	minister	rabbi	clergy	corps	saifulislam	training	imam	prayer	leader	guides	faithful	mosque	fivetimesaday	muslim	prayer	camp	xray	serving	function	muezzin	person	announces	call	prayer	commonly	tower	called	minaret	case	public	address	system	recording	prayer	fivetimesaday	broadcast	laughs	uncomfortably	questioned	journalists	bewildered	busy	man	soothe	muslim	sensitivities	rugged	chainlinkedfence	cells	camp	xray	advocate	saifulislam	arrived	detention	center	suspected	terrorists	jan	debut	chanting	predawn	call	prayer	wake	alleged	leaders	afghanistan's	taliban	militia	members	osama	bin	laden's	al	qaeda	network	emerged	advocate	arguing	military	safeguard	soldiers	adding	amenities	everyday	islamic	life	traditional	white	knit	skullcaps	arrive	captives	top	fluorescent	orange	jumpsuits	saifulislam	asked	copies	koran	urdu	language	afghanistan	pakistan	largetype	arabic	copies	bad	eyesight	read	elementary	school	children	hard	find	america	gitmo	saifulislam	husband	father	daughter	california	emerged	chaplain	choice	special	assignment	muslim	clerics	armed	forces	cleric	specifically	assigned	marine	corps	base	camp	pendleton	calif	military	recruiters	building	muslim	chaplains	corps	spotted	saifulislam	enlisted	man	working	payroll	clerk	pentagon	studying	parttime	muslim	cleric	commissioned	officer	year	obtaining	citizenship	years	leaving	homeland	study	america	time	theater	combat	october	served	chaplain	operation	brightstar	huge	military	exercise	egypt	world	war	ii	battleground	called	alalamein	answers	role	curious	juxtaposition	sums	simply	captives	camp	xray	entitled	spiritual	solace	accept	radical	interpretations	led	unorthodox	battlefield	socalled	great	satan	united	states	agree	religion	islam	days	fivehour	shifts	camp	hearing	prisoners	requests	exchanges	dipped	deeply	doctrinal	fate	home	answer	conversations	cleric	captives	place	native	bengali	urdu	require	services	arabic	interpreters	saifulislam	military	men	battle	dress	uniforms	asked	practicing	muslim	wear	uniform	armed	forces	question	expected	surprise	speak	raise	hands	catch	attention	government's	designated	spiritual	leader	trust	sigh	time
35--------------
topic:	145	prisoners	pentagon	camp	convention	alqaeda	rumsfeld	week	pows	detention	detainees
file label:guantanamo
camp	xray	time	january	camp	xray	war	prisoner	pow	brings	afghan	detainees	guantanamo	bay	michael	elliott	country	club	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	week	describing	military	detention	camp	guantanamo	bay	cuba	expected	alqaeda	taliban	prisoners	admitted	gitmo	week	rumsfeld	hardest	hard	core	men	killed	dozens	dozens	people	lack	tennis	courts	putting	green	amenities	find	cave	tora	bora	true	prisoners	confined	chainlink	enclosures	concrete	floors	tin	roofs	rumsfeld	thinks	pejorative	call	cages	relief	months	pentagon	hopes	replace	facility	permanent	prisoners	camp	xrayas	place	called	early	housed	haitian	refugeeshave	thin	green	mats	blankets	sleep	pray	allowed	shower	exercise	medical	exam	admission	diet	making	point	diversity	ranges	bagels	cream	cheese	rice	beansall	eaten	plastic	utensilsafter	prisoners	clean	teeth	specially	shortened	brushes	caution	sense	mamdouh	salim	alqaeda	operative	awaiting	trial	york	city	part	embassy	bombings	comb	stab	prison	guard	eye	humanitarian	groups	muted	criticism	conditions	guantanamo	week	delegation	international	committee	red	cross	arrived	inspect	camp	offer	private	recommendations	operation	european	press	prisoners	lot	public	issue	contention	demand	conduct	suspicion	detainees	claimed	british	citizens	politicians	commentators	london	clamoring	held	gitmo	guaranteed	treatment	accordance	international	law	daily	telegraph	paper	conservative	pat	buchanan	vegetarian	warned	washington	draw	distinction	civilized	society	apocalyptic	savagery	destroy	heart	matter	question	legality	pentagon	resisted	calling	detainees	prisoners	war	preferring	terms	unlawful	combatants	battlefield	detainees	easy	geneva	convention	holding	true	pows	bound	release	hostilities	men	alqaeda	operatives	convention	law	murky	pows	captors	rank	serial	number	birthday	washington	point	detention	conduct	interrogations	head	acts	terrorism	geneva	convention	contemplate	irregular	forces	captured	battle	considered	pows	apply	members	alqaeda	freefloating	band	terrorists	gitmo	alqaeda	men	somethe	pentagon	manywere	members	taliban	thought	part	afghan	army	pows	washington	taliban	clear	chain	command	legitimate	government	amnesty	international	pointed	geneva	convention	pentagon	business	making	determination	fall	enemy's	hands	entitled	pow	status	competent	tribunal	determined	status	case	cuba	happened	curious	matter	prisoners	ultimate	fate	rumsfeld	laid	options	military	trial	trial	criminal	courts	return	home	countries	prosecution	continued	detention	additional	intelligence	gathered	distinct	possibility	pentagon	plans	build	cells	camp	xray	big	deal	years	guaranteed	army	lieut	general	bb	bell	commands	fort	hood	texas	base	military	police	deployed	cuba	hard	find	justification	detention	geneva	convention	leaving	prisoners	indefinitely	reach	legal	regime	economist	week	put	americapreeminently	nation	lawsitself	law	pentagon	sorts	legal	issues	criticism	europe	grow	worse	prisoners	cuba	forced	listen	fidel	castro's	longwinded	speeches	cruel	reporting	mark	thompsonwashington
36--------------
topic:	107	camp	base	prisoners	hospital	guards	patients	officials	prayer	guantanamo	patient
file label:guantanamo
hours	camp	xray	st	petersburg	times	february	pg	hours	camp	xray	detention	camp	reaches	capacity	reporters	invited	watch	interplay	detainees	guards	doctors	paul	de	la	garza	guantanamo	bay	naval	base	cuba	begins	shiny	speck	southeast	skies	lone	landing	strip	gitmo	oldest	base	overseas	minutes	lumbering	gray	starlifter	flies	tarmac	patch	palm	trees	part	annual	air	show	hot	windy	afternoon	deep	blue	waters	caribbean	serve	postcard	backdrop	cargo	jet	finally	lands	approaching	landing	strip	west	noise	deafening	immediately	crack	security	force	babyfaced	marines	surrounds	plane	wear	black	baseball	leg	guards	bulletproof	vests	carry	rifles	humvees	mounted	machine	guns	grenade	launchers	positions	navy	helicopter	whirls	overhead	aircraft	secured	freak	show	begins	sort	hannibal	cannibal	production	ramp	mammoth	aircraft	guards	slowly	unload	latest	detainees	war	afghanistan	altogether	wearing	bright	orange	wool	knit	caps	blackedout	goggles	earmuffs	white	surgical	masks	bright	orange	jumpsuits	denim	jackets	beige	mittens	taped	wrists	handcuffs	ankle	shackles	detainees	natural	giant	bright	orange	flies	flight	sitting	prisoners	hobble	marines	big	walk	frisk	soldier	handles	captive	mannequin	moving	side	lifting	straight	feet	waiting	buses	walk	walk	guards	shout	shut	head	man	scared	tv	camerawoman	watching	international	media	pool	yards	freaky	chimes	colleague	prisoners	military	considers	hardcore	terrorists	escape	kill	pretty	directed	walk	shut	heads	board	buses	ferry	guantanamo	bay	detention	facility	camp	xray	sign	ferry	slip	conveys	strange	vibe	guantanamo	mile	naval	base	detention	camp	comprises	acres	sign	touts	area's	wildlife	brown	pelican	antillean	manatee	bottlenose	dolphin	hawksbill	turtle	watching	wildlife	lot	fun	sign	pair	binoculars	helpful	wednesday	flight	kandahar	southeastern	tip	cuba	arrived	bringing	total	number	detainees	camp	xray	day	effectively	filling	camp	capacity	base	officials	allowed	reporters	record	audio	report	landings	live	cell	phone	time	flights	began	arriving	jan	refused	cameras	time	pentagon	released	pictures	detainees	knees	wearing	goggles	surrounded	guards	images	created	international	uproar	rights	groups	cried	inhumane	treatment	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	denied	allegations	insisting	detainees	afghanistan	routinely	questioned	united	states	prosecuting	war	terrorism	reminded	critics	sept	detainees	arrive	camp	xray	told	cuba	undergo	intake	process	airstrip	landing	monitored	red	cross	routine	includes	delousing	chemical	washdown	physical	detainees	fingerprinted	photographed	toothbrush	mintflavored	toothpaste	bottle	lively	salon	antidandruff	shampoo	soap	flip	flops	foam	sleeping	mat	buckets	washcloth	canteen	prayer	cap	blankets	sheet	koran	towels	praying	strangely	write	home	military	soft	spot	mothers	taliban	alqaida	base	officials	glean	prisoners	real	names	letters	tend	give	multiple	aliases	interrogations	assigned	cells	lives	chainlink	sides	tin	roofs	halogen	lights	stay	night	day	starts	prayer	call	sign	pole	edge	camp	points	direction	mecca	prisoners	countries	including	saudi	arabia	yemen	pakistan	algeria	england	egypt	australia	france	russia	belgium	sweden	base	officials	christian	prisoners	muslims	prayer	detainees	day	breakfast	shower	day	sick	call	noon	prayer	lunch	recreation	minutes	couple	times	week	mail	call	sunset	prayer	dinner	evening	prayer	bedtime	pm	meal	detainees	considered	halal	religiously	muslims	typical	breakfast	includes	oatmeal	orange	fresh	bread	bottle	water	lunch	pasta	vegetable	stew	dry	cereal	including	froot	loops	box	raisins	granola	bars	bag	chips	bag	peanuts	water	dinner	white	rice	red	beans	banana	water	army	capt	sean	campion	camp	guards	characterizes	life	camp	xray	utter	boredom	job	campion	kansas	city	mo	scheduled	happen	guards	communicate	prisoners	simple	english	commands	hand	signals	holding	lengthy	debates	campion	marine	corps	lt	abuhena	mohammad	saifulislam	speaks	detainees	camp	muslim	chaplain	ministers	facility	hours	day	start	muslim	month	pilgrimage	faithful	journey	holy	city	mecca	detects	anxiety	camp	base	officials	special	meal	march	role	chaplain	unique	saifulislam	preconceived	idea	person	chaplain	approach	human	hate	sinner	hate	sin	asks	saifulislam	relationship	detainees	god	changed	capture	god	abandoned	hope	god	hope	happen	moment	answer	concertina	wire	guard	towers	surround	camp	xray	american	flag	painted	guard	towers	flying	high	front	facility	parts	base	camp	pretty	setting	turkey	vultures	hover	thick	brush	scraggly	hills	day	xray	newly	arrived	kandahar	german	shepherd	handler	patrol	camp's	perimeter	bright	orange	figures	sit	cells	praying	prisoners	run	exercise	fenced	area	wearing	handcuffs	ankle	shackles	prisoner	led	interrogation	rooms	freshly	built	wood	buildings	air	conditioners	windows	guards	accompany	side	guards	puts	hand	head	detainee	forcing	provide	positive	control	army	col	terry	carrico	effect	prison	warden	means	plan	technique	correctional	facilities	united	states	occasional	spitting	incident	threat	officials	prisoners	docile	base	officials	suspect	people	custody	pass	word	arrivals	treated	beginning	unsure	carrico	care	hurt	kill	guards	talk	views	prisoners	army	capt	darrell	sides	fort	benning	ga	bones	terrorists	watching	television	sept	security	tighter	death	row	prison	united	states	morning	run	fleet	hospital	takes	place	scheduled	prisoners	needing	medical	attention	fair	number	underweight	missing	toes	fingers	limbs	hospital	miles	camp	xray	recreation	road	allowed	detainees	bit	americana	portrait	built	century	forces	seized	guantanamo	bay	spanishamerican	war	government	signed	lease	republic	cuba	contract	extended	indefinitely	broken	mutual	agreement	growth	base	left	camp	xray	surprisingly	close	suburbanstyle	military	community	beige	green	yellow	houses	subdivisions	names	caribbean	circle	west	iguana	boys	white	karate	outfits	run	palmlined	sherman	avenue	child	plays	gym	set	young	woman	keeping	watchful	eye	road	ws	sampson	elementary	school	replete	yellow	school	buses	morale	welfare	recreation	cooper	field	baseball	soccer	fields	base's	outdoor	movie	house	playing	movie	majestic	hospital	hightech	airconditioned	white	tent	futuristic	movie	set	ceilings	fluorescent	lighting	padded	white	walls	floors	ceilings	staff	calls	temper	tent	morning	navy	hospital	corpsman	shuron	jerome	houston	poring	box	valentines	guantanamo	schoolchildren	pennsylvania	family	child	written	jerome	hospital	feels	hospital	states	save	high	security	languages	detainees	speak	including	french	russian	urdu	arabic	understand	english	sees	detainees	patients	regular	patients	finds	thinking	god	related	related	treat	patient	fleet	hospital	patients	today	bulk	work	includes	blast	gunshot	wounds	war	afghanistan	day	surgeon	eye	patient	suffered	sports	injury	younger	pressure	eye	unbearable	story	international	play	underscore	fact	tensions	americans	detainees	easing	patient	invited	surgeon	cup	tea	operation	staff	reporters	quick	tour	hospital	allowing	photographs	sections	patients	aljazeera	television	crew	walks	staff	rolls	patient	index	finger	amputated	result	gunshot	wound	cameraman	continues	filming	nurse	covers	patient's	face	recovery	room	patient's	body	starts	trembling	doctors	explain	common	reaction	patients	awake	anesthesia	bit	drama	michel	michel	yells	doctor	operating	clothes	good	doctor	speaking	french	accent	adds	good	job	buddy	finally	interpreter	talk	patient	younglooking	men	shaved	heads	beards	growing	recover	cots	sleep	medical	staff	relies	linguists	communicate	patients	inventions	longhand	list	english	phrases	arabic	counterparts	pinch	show	patients	list	includes	phrases	pain	thirsty	hungry	bathroom	urinate	arm	hand	leg	iv	hurts	cold	hot	sick	throw	calm	returned	fleet	hospital	officials	base	bracing	inevitable	death	detainees	hands	guards	custody	scores	poor	health	bound	happen	briefing	reporters	marine	corps	brig	gen	michael	lehnert	commander	prison	project	continue	work	improve	living	conditions	detainees	security	forces	couple	months	operation	move	part	guantanamo	called	radio	range	utilities	readily	cells	cots	air	conditioning	toilets	general	awaiting	congressional	approval	building	radio	range	begins	camp	capacity	flights	stopped
37--------------
topic:	5	prisoners	base	taleban	mullah	military	cells	bin	camp	officials	american
file label:guantanamo
harsh	detention	afghan	prisoners	taleban	alqaeda	prisoners	flown	afghanistan	american	naval	base	caribbean	held	tough	conditions	detention	temporary	detention	centre	called	camp	xray	set	base	guantanamo	bay	isolated	outpost	edge	fidel	castro's	cuba	prisoners	housed	cells	measuring	metres	feet	feet	open	chainlink	walls	concrete	floor	wooden	roof	face	intense	interrogation	officials	anxious	track	osama	bin	laden	alleged	mastermind	september	suicide	attacks	york	washington	authorities	granted	detainees	prisonerofwar	status	meaning	protected	geneva	convention	washington	military	tribunals	prisoners	cases	expected	heard	base	located	sovereign	territory	prisoners	legal	rights	constitution	appeal	federal	courts	kennels	jeffrey	kofman	american	journalist	visited	base	facility	minimal	cells	concrete	floors	wooden	roofs	wire	mesh	walls	prisoners	foam	mat	sleep	towels	washing	prayer	mat	form	chamber	pot	bares	bones	facility	frankly	expected	holding	detainees	cells	cages	person	kennels	military	staff	charge	kennels	cells	bounds	geneva	convention	operating	humane	treatment	offering	comfort	international	concern	human	rights	group	amnesty	international	voiced	concern	cages	accommodation	fall	minimum	standards	humane	treatment	group	arrive	prisoners	military	officials	worst	elements	alqaeda	taleban	wore	goggles	covered	tape	hands	tied	wore	leg	shackles	wore	surgical	masks	prisoners	tested	positive	tuberculosis	prisoner	sedated	spend	time	separated	allowed	cells	small	groups	meals	showers	recreation	allowed	pray	faith	mosquitoes	camp	chilly	night	swarms	mosquitoes	base	servicemen	gitmo	surrounded	mangrove	swamps	salt	marshes	dense	bush	sea	sharkinfested	camp	perimeters	lit	night	watchtowers	fences	topped	razor	wire	constantly	patrolled	heavily	armed	marines	night	camp	lit	halogen	floodlights	members	movement	prevent	women	working	disconcerted	find	guards	women	intention	making	comfortable	marine	brigadiergeneral	michael	lehnert	told	reuters	news	agency	humane	hundreds	marines	military	police	flown	guantanamo	bay	expand	compound	house	prisoners	american	marines	landed	guantanamo	spanishamerican	war	base	established	treaty	fidel	castro	led	communists	power	cuba	president	dwight	eisenhower	refused	relinquish	base	strong	objections	havana	washington	continues	pay	rent	set	years	gold	coins	year	worth	castro	refuses	cash	cheques	cuban	frontier	battalion	troops	continue	watch	counterparts	fence	tension	diminished	cold	war	hunt	continues	american	officials	named	alqaeda	taleban	leaders	killed	captured	frustration	grows	senior	taleban	figures	reportedly	slipping	net	questioned	military	taleban	ministers	turned	afghan	authorities	allowed	return	homes	important	justice	minister	mullah	nuruddin	turabi	close	taleban	leader	mullah	omar	defence	minister	mullah	ubaidullah	industry	minister	mullah	saadudin	officials	eager	question	vital	clues	whereabouts	mullah	omar	osama	bin	laden	hunt	continues	bin	laden	mullah	omar	believed	escaped	motorbike	thousands	afghan	soldiers	closed	suspected	hideout	wanted	list	bin	laden's	top	lieutenants	believed	evaded	capture	include	ayman	alzawahri	egyptian	islamic	jihad	leader	bin	laden's	close	adviser	personal	doctor	copyright	bbc
38--------------
topic:	124	prisoners	rumsfeld	united	states	argentine	war	people	lawyers	international	information
file label:guantanamo
rumsfeld	defends	treatment	detainees	cuba	washington	jan	frustrated	international	outcry	american	treatment	prisoners	cuba	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	defended	united	states	conduct	length	today	dismissed	criticism	breathless	armchair	hyperbole	telling	inch	body	truth	spent	lot	time	secure	video	people	told	reporters	referring	united	states	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	prisoners	war	afghanistan	jailed	single	scrap	kind	information	suggests	treated	humanely	rumsfeld	spoke	unusual	briefing	stretched	hour	attempt	tap	hyperbole	prompted	rising	tide	international	criticism	defense	department	released	photographs	weekend	showed	prisoners	kneeling	captors	legs	shackles	hands	bound	manacles	mouths	covered	surgical	masks	eyes	blinded	large	goggles	black	tape	comments	criticism	swelled	critics	united	states	sensory	deprivation	psychological	control	techniques	weaken	prisoners	interrogations	fruitful	international	committee	red	cross	rare	break	code	publicly	criticizing	detaining	governments	united	states	violated	geneva	convention	rules	making	spectacle	prisoners	distributing	pictures	published	worldwide	amnesty	international	sought	access	prisoners	guantanamo	allowed	lawyers	keeping	prisoners	incommunicado	sensory	deprivation	unnecessary	restraint	humiliation	people	tactics	shaving	classic	techniques	employed	break	spirit	individuals	interrogation	organization	governments	joined	chorus	prisoners	granted	prisoner	war	status	geneva	convention	status	accord	highest	level	protections	javier	solana	european	union	foreign	policy	chief	sept	atrocities	changing	values	life	terrorism's	victory	netherlands	urged	washington	recognize	detainees	prisoners	war	fight	uphold	norms	values	debate	raged	britain	spain	supported	united	states	prime	minister	tony	blair's	office	british	prisoners	detention	center	called	camp	xray	complaints	treatment	spanish	foreign	minister	josep	pique	spanish	government	slightest	doubt	position	government	warden	camp	xray	col	terry	carrico	determined	times	maintain	called	positive	control	prisoners	bill	nash	retired	army	major	general	senior	fellow	council	foreign	relations	amounted	imposing	psychological	sense	isolation	domination	futility	establish	conditions	reward	information	oppose	punish	rumsfeld	unfortunate	photographs	released	explanation	prisoners	photographed	holding	area	restraints	removed	put	cages	worst	argued	prisoners	dangerous	suicidal	transported	sense	lock	restraints	moved	place	place	restrained	kill	american	soldier	bet	inhumane	stupid	clear	united	states	officially	designated	detainees	prisoners	war	rumsfeld	essentially	treated	legal	limbo	michael	professor	military	law	catholic	university	united	states	moving	screening	people	determining	pow's	explanation	delay	rumsfeld	pentagon's	clear	priority	prisoners	extract	information	prevent	future	attacks	people	committed	terrorists	keeping	street	airlines	nuclear	power	plants	ports	country	countries	officials	guantanamo	interrogation	place	base	prisoners	lawyers	asked	benefit	united	states	classifying	captives	prisoners	war	rumsfeld	legal	technicalities	answer	question	process	gathering	intelligence	information	concluded	rumsfeld	complicating	factors	geneva	conventions	give	protection	prisoners	countries	terrorist	organizations	al	qaeda	prisoners	apparently	belong	give	standing	geneva	convention	terrorist	organization	country	lawyers	drop	law	school	worry	precedent	officials	prisoners	range	countries	britain	yemen	china	saudi	arabia	australia	complicated	legal	picture	los	angeles	federal	district	judge	questioned	today	authority	challenge	detention	prisoners	cuba	grave	doubts	jurisdiction	judge	howard	matz	spoke	hearing	petition	filed	sunday	group	lawyers	clerics	professors	demand	detainees	identified	court	told	charges	copyright	york	times	company
39--------------
topic:	68	government	chavez	chavez's	military	carmona	venezuela	thursday	president	interim	officials
file label:guantanamo
prisoners	detained	guantanamo	bay	join	hunger	strike	strike	triggered	turbanaccording	military	sources	base	hunger	striker	triggered	wednesday	guard	turban	detainee's	head	praying	sources	argued	rules	prison	turban	conceal	weapon	bush	criticized	treating	detainees	inhumanelyas	inmates	joined	hunger	strike	reportedly	chanted	rhythmically	thursday	prison	officials	reportedly	strengthened	heavy	security	prison	precautions	bush	administration	international	criticism	treating	detainees	humanely	bowed	international	pressure	grant	taliban	prisoners	status	prisoner	war	refused	cover	al	qaeda	prisoners	treatment	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
40--------------
topic:	21	prisoners	military	officials	today	american	government	forces	pentagon	qaeda	al
file label:guantanamo
begins	airlift	prisoners	washington	jan	globemaster	cargo	plane	carrying	heavily	guarded	taliban	al	qaeda	prisoners	left	marine	corps	base	southern	afghanistan	today	united	states	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	wave	hundreds	detainees	held	pentagon	details	flight	senior	military	officials	specially	trained	military	police	officers	guarded	prisoners	flight	expected	stop	reaching	cuba	possibly	early	friday	morning	prisoners	hands	feet	shackled	heads	covered	hoods	loaded	single	file	plane	kandahar	airport	pentagon	officials	prisoners	sedated	flight	clear	happened	pentagon	official	earlier	week	united	states	detainees	prisoners	war	afforded	protections	geneva	convention	guidelines	guantanamo	bay	prisoners	makeshift	detention	center	camp	ray	locked	cages	concrete	chainlink	fence	await	intensive	interrogation	possibly	trial	military	tribunals	workers	prepared	camp	cuba	prisoners	search	crews	pakistan	continued	comb	wreckage	marine	corps	tanker	plane	crashed	wednesday	southwestern	pakistan	marines	died	fiery	accident	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	today	evidence	crash	caused	hostile	fire	pentagon	officials	today	united	states	preparing	send	force	soldiers	special	operations	forces	philippines	train	filipino	troops	fight	muslim	militants	abu	sayyaf	group	american	forces	expected	involved	initially	advising	training	filipino	counterterrorist	units	senior	american	military	officials	involved	direct	military	action	philippine	government	requested	amnesty	international	issued	statement	today	sedating	prisoners	shackling	entire	flight	violate	international	standards	prohibiting	cruel	inhuman	degrading	treatment	rumsfeld	today	prisoners	restrained	flight	defended	strong	measures	pentagon	closely	studied	violent	uprisings	taliban	al	qaeda	prisoners	held	northern	afghan	city	mazar	isharif	pakistan	minutes	lifted	base	kandahar	airport	marines	small	arms	fire	runways	injured	identify	snipers	remained	unknown	tonight	military	officials	military	officials	john	walker	lindh	american	captured	taliban	forces	mazarisharif	prisoners	transferred	today	walker	held	aboard	assault	ship	bataan	arabian	sea	officials	american	forces	afghanistan	holding	total	prisoners	today	including	kandahar	bagram	air	base	north	kabul	number	rising	american	military	intelligence	officials	continue	interviewing	thousands	prisoners	held	antitaliban	militias	camp	xray	cells	detainees	expanded	hold	months	military	work	crews	build	permanent	facilities	prisoners	rumsfeld	declined	discuss	details	growing	american	involvement	philippines	abu	sayyaf	guerrillas	battling	government	troops	southern	island	basilan	rebels	linked	al	qaeda	holding	american	hostages	ransom	earlier	week	deputy	secretary	defense	paul	wolfowitz	american	special	operations	forces	involved	direct	support	philippine	military	operations	added	government	anxious	job	question	clear	abu	sayyaf	group	basilan	island	small	blow	extended	al	qaeda	network	wolfowitz	november	president	bush	promised	give	philippines	million	antiterrorism	aid	package	include	weapons	training	shared	intelligence	united	states	array	equipment	philippine	military	including	cargo	plane	rifles	uh	huey	helicopters	eastern	afghanistan	american	bombers	dropped	precisionguided	weapons	sprawling	al	qaeda	training	camp	zhawar	kili	pakistan	border	today	sixth	time	week	senior	military	officials	increasingly	concerned	equally	sophisticated	wellfortified	underground	complexes	afghanistan	guerrilla	bases	remnants	taliban	al	qaeda	forces	pentagon	bush	signed	billion	military	spending	bill	today	fiscal	year	today	owe	uniform	resources	maintain	high	state	readiness	bush	enemies	rely	surprise	deception	rely	fact	thought	soft	anymore	copyright	york	times	company
41--------------
topic:	45	prisoners	camp	gitmo	day	detainees	reporter	al	costello	military	guantanamo
file label:guantanamo
guantanamo's	unhappy	campers	weekly	standard	february	guantanamo's	unhappy	campers	abuse	detainees	experiencing	selfinflicted	matt	labash	guantanamo	bay	cuba	roosevelt	roads	naval	station	puerto	rico	journalists	straggle	gate	sleepdeprived	silence	catch	plane	guantanamo	bay	early	years	flying	thousands	miles	pubcrawling	streets	san	juan	night	military	escorts	insist	show	time	flight	leaves	hours	military	operates	principle	explains	savvy	veteran	hurry	wait	happy	double	public	affairs	babysitters	ears	vieques	navy	lt	corey	barker	nearby	bombing	rangepublic	relations	fiasco	protested	al	sharpton	obscure	kennedys	barker	stuck	minding	light	guantanamo	american	naval	station	southeastern	tip	cuba	al	qaedataliban	prisoners	detained	depending	ideal	sunny	clime	subject	getoutofjail	escape	hatches	federal	law	senior	pentagon	official	lawyers	flights	guano	rock	pacific	air	terminal	baggage	handlers	check	efficiency	bulgarian	dmv	workers	sign	wall	air	terminal	year	hate	place	whispers	reporter	wait	flight	creaky	pan	jet	shunted	vip	room	named	coffee	pot	seascape	paintings	pilfered	south	florida	retirement	village	media	indoctrination	packages	encouraging	word	aspire	reportorial	autonomy	sit	watching	cnn	unfounded	rumor	gains	currency	saturday	supposed	cuba	monday	military	changed	plans	leave	guantanamo	sunday	morning	thing's	wire	reporter	sort	notes	decide	lead	fearing	abbreviated	schedule	commence	valuable	newsgathering	knowing	talibanheld	provinces	pederasty	rivaled	headlessgoat	polo	buzkashi	favorite	pastime	naval	officer	reports	guantanamo	prisoners	turning	manlove	god	air	force	personnel	officer	relays	hear	repeated	international	political	pressure	prisoners	coddled	latest	report	army	guards	directing	detainees	pray	mecca	paint	arrows	floors	cells	face	north	east	north	east	replies	lutherani	hell	hours	touch	guantanamo	landing	strip	isolated	leeward	side	base	gitmo	nicknamed	bisected	guantanamo	bay	sniffed	german	shepherd	interested	bombs	colleague's	percocet	escorted	media	center	ugly	woodpaneled	affair	sits	pink	hangar	hour	waiting	mouthy	reporter	loudly	calls	editor	hear	report	latest	shit	day	cleaning	media	center	curtains	air	conditioner	freakin	bulletin	board	hospitality	ends	stern	sign	bulletin	board	admonishes	clean	goodies	set	table	grape	beverage	powder	apple	jelly	mealsreadytoeat	packs	practically	scream	wait	leave	secretly	harbored	fantasy	talk	overseers	letting	prisoners	cells	terrorist	equivalent	field	trip	aspca	gaggle	public	affairs	officers	enter	lay	immutable	laws	access	detainees	geneva	convention	forbids	making	public	curiosity	officers	running	public	affairs	show	army	lt	col	william	costello	bearish	soldier	kind	guy	enjoys	breaking	face	hard	dark	orbs	dart	fro	delivers	good	newsbad	news	proposition	good	news	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	visiting	detainees	camp	xray	morning	bad	news	unfounded	rumor	foundedthe	pentagon	press	corps	coming	forced	leave	day	early	immediately	angry	media	throng	closes	costello	air	altamontlike	level	violence	editors	crush	nuts	reporter	female	crazy	supposed	material	piece	problem	replies	costello	bullshit	thunders	print	reporter	making	leave	biggest	story	allowed	stay	costello	snaps	reporter	costello's	blood	rises	highandtight	haircut	stands	angrydog	scruff	staying	pearl	antilles	deadpans	lt	commander	brendan	mcpherson	limp	cruisedirector	chirp	understandable	public	affairs	types	testy	obvious	culture	clash	military	personnel	paid	journalists	paid	detainees	started	arriving	january	gitmo	joint	forces	run	southern	command	experienced	pr	equivalent	eversubtle	colleaguesborrowing	special	forces	terminology	disastrous	missionscall	goat	richest	irony	war	terrorism	department	defense	news	caused	international	outcry	releasing	shots	detainees	brought	camp	xray	transported	inprocessed	al	qaeda	members	photographed	kneeling	wearing	earmuffs	shackles	blackout	goggles	perfectly	reasonable	precautions	transporting	members	organization	responsible	prison	uprising	mazarisharif	resulted	cia	operative's	death	suicide	plane	crashes	human	rights	groups	international	media	led	chorus	eurowhiners	immediately	lapsed	hysterics	british	press	typical	understatement	claimed	prisoners	brutalized	tortured	humiliated	operation	sick	attempt	appeal	worst	redneck	prejudices	tony	blair	pointed	british	al	qaeda	members	held	gitmo	complaints	stop	mirror's	stephen	moyes	method	reporting	donning	al	qaeda	rig	wrapped	suffocating	orange	boiler	suit	wrote	lost	sense	dignitya	loss	easily	sustained	rereading	copy	sillier	protestations	humanitarians	saddam	hussein	government	malaysia	prime	minister	mahathir	mohamad	loudest	noise	amnesty	international	dings	arresting	speechwriter	political	rival	blindfolded	stripped	naked	punched	verbally	abused	forced	simulate	homosexual	actsnone	alleged	camp	xray	foreign	leader	supported	american	detainee	camp	ironically	fidel	castro	angling	embargo	inching	closer	dementia	declared	january	americans	month	invited	jimmy	carter	visit	camp	xray	personnel	sensitive	lot	ferry	crossing	windward	side	camp	located	sit	mellow	lt	col	costello	decided	patch	reporter	snapped	signoff	southern	command	cleared	stay	rumsfeld's	visit	costello	gitmo	types	baffled	uproar	prisoners	treatment	soldiers	marines	guarding	detainees	camp	xray	worse	conditions	detainees	outdoor	cells	invariably	called	cages	topped	corrugated	tincovered	wooden	roofs	rain	gitmo	inches	year	prisoners	costello	eightbyeight	cells	space	soldiers	crowded	unventilated	tents	yards	warm	showers	clean	laundry	hot	chow	costello	prisoners	calories	day	calories	day	running	ass	chasing	guys	medics	treating	detainees	claims	full	quarter	suffering	malnutrition	captured	costello's	word	sort	quick	stop	mcdonald's	cuba	white	school	bus	transports	beautiful	seaside	vistas	brownish	cactusinfested	scrub	ramshackle	housing	hill	features	abandoned	auto	yard	locals	call	sears	strip	junkers	parts	jerryrigged	jalopies	called	gitmo	specials	sears	camp	xray	teeming	hive	concertina	wire	canvas	tents	guard	towers	newly	constructed	plywood	interrogation	shacks	windowunit	air	conditioners	chainlink	cells	air	conditioning	comfortable	caribbean	breeze	temperatures	range	night	day	continuously	circulates	encampment	restricted	area	yards	openair	cellblocks	observe	camp	slight	elevation	cnn's	john	zarrella	calls	heartbreak	ridge	named	journalist	breaks	heart	closer	gitmo	site	lot	heartbreak	years	broke	christopher	columbus's	stopped	world	voyage	left	failing	find	gold	threatening	cut	tongues	crew	agree	pretend	reached	asia	rankles	castro	wanted	throw	island	decades	prerevolution	lease	agreement	thousands	cuban	rafters	detained	months	grew	unhappy	gitmo's	ghostly	desolation	leave	including	inject	diesel	fuel	veins	drive	tent	stakes	limbs	swim	castro's	cuba	comparison	al	qaedans	pretty	fat	happy	laze	shade	cells	sleep	inchandahalfthick	isomats	issued	military	assistance	muslim	navy	chaplain	pray	times	daily	quick	studies	al	qaedans	arrows	painted	cell	floors	single	signpost	american	flag	points	mecca	american	prisoners	hanoi	hilton	spent	years	solitary	confinement	received	medical	care	john	mccain	day	comb	hair	xray	detainees	daily	sick	calls	manner	doctors	optometrists	podiatrists	prisoners	represent	nationalities	saudis	freely	chat	god	prison	uprisings	demise	talk	magazine	trades	froot	loops	garlic	bagel	chips	restroom	arrangements	pretty	spartan	white	bucket	emergency	squirts	instructed	hold	fingers	alternative	time	guard	shackles	takes	portoloo	military	spared	expense	construction	costs	weeks	built	completely	operational	field	hospital	staffed	medical	personneltwo	prisoners	saved	fortune	toilet	paper	detainees	cultural	preference	shake	hands	camp	guard	addition	aforementioned	amenities	detainees	receive	towels	koran	shortened	toothbrush	long	file	shiv	canteen	bucket	water	fluoride	toothpaste	shampoo	shampoo	lively	salon	antidandruff	shampooa	luxurious	shampoo	gentle	formula	restores	moisture	shine	body	beautifully	clean	hair	prisoners	coddled	rep	john	mica	florida	republican	visited	camp	good	bastards	happy	shampoo	jojobaenriched	public	affairs	officers	days	great	lengths	talk	docile	prisoners	detainees	reported	biting	guard	spitting	threatening	kill	americans	skirt	minders	visit	marine	snipers	tent	learn	snipers	camp's	deadliest	sharpshooters	ropy	young	bucks	years	age	largely	culled	western	southern	united	states	firearms	regarded	extra	appendages	tent	marinesissued	college	dorm	room	skoaljuice	bottles	laundry	hanging	spadelike	sniper	insignia	banner	tacked	tent	wall	prison	uprising	gentleman	man	guard	towers	introduce	rioters	blackeyed	virgins	point	plotting	afoot	sgt	matt	lampert	montana	day	prisoners	caught	piece	cloth	stuffed	rocks	tied	sgt	rodney	davis	chowtime	sees	scope	making	terrain	models	food	afghan	prisons	starving	detainees	reportedly	begging	gitmo	plenty	food	play	fed	sir	lampert	marines	weird	laugh	sheepishly	finally	sgt	josh	westbrook	sports	forearm	tattoo	flaming	baby	heads	steps	watched	explains	stare	stare	uh	masturbate	marines	pleasure	freak	snipers	embarrass	female	army	guards	camp's	interior	weirdness	eaten	toiletries	urinated	equipment	day	westbrook	guys	naked	cartwheel	bizarre	twist	lance	corporal	devin	klebaur	put	toothpaste	ass	purpose	puzzled	leaving	snipers	collar	grunts	prisoners	apt	act	regular	visitors	international	committee	red	cross	enter	camp	disciplined	aggressive	guard	behavior	brutalized	american	military	front	international	witnesses	icrc	visits	soldier	highlight	prisoner's	day	spotted	giving	unshackled	prisoners	cookies	milk	cigarettes	shaking	hands	organizations	gitmo	human	rights	watch	extremely	critical	prisoners	treatment	icrc	aired	complaints	soldier	pain	ass	offering	cookies	hugging	buddies	undermining	clear	point	interrogating	prisoners	base	sources	divulge	information	gleaned	prisoners	formally	charged	called	senior	pentagon	source	find	source	find	sunday	rumsfeld	visits	hope	illumination	sitting	bus	tarmac	waiting	secretary	emerge	plane	pass	time	journalists	discussing	apstyle	spelling	bin	laden	speculating	prisoners	internet	cafe	asked	video	games	making	fun	freshmeat	pentagon	press	corps	overdressed	heavy	wools	cooler	island	linens	rumsfeld's	security	agents	mounts	bus	telling	ground	rules	photos	tarmac	fighting	hitting	rumsfeld	head	boom	mike	rumsfeld	tours	camp	xray	senators	chairman	joint	chiefs	staff	richard	myers	overshadowed	secretary's	rock	star	aura	reporter	rumsfeld	meets	press	heartbreak	ridge	sort	hooah	performance	endeared	troops	press	remains	firm	detainees	illegal	combatants	prisoners	war	afford	rights	geneva	convention	nicely	avoids	plucking	hair	worth	splittingwhether	captives	status	call	human	rights	hawks	matter	decided	competent	tribunal	rumsfeld	argument	academic	hard	imagine	read	geneva	convention	wanting	confer	pow	status	alleged	al	qaeda	members	terrorists	eligible	repatriation	home	countries	forbid	punished	escape	receive	scientific	equipment	home	confer	denturesin	case	lost	teeth	biting	guard	ludicrous	afforded	advances	pay	amount	inferior	pay	armed	forces	terrorist	central	asia	bad	deal	kill	americans	arrested	pay	raise	america	global	bellyaching	detainees	humane	treatment	hard	imagine	treatment	receiving	day	gitmo	time	eat	stale	ding	dong	greasy	plate	onion	rings	public	affairs	keepers	care	contrast	breakfast	lunch	prisoners	served	oatmeal	orange	peanut	butter	margarine	culturally	halal	meal	giant	snack	pack	froot	loops	raisins	nature	valley	granola	bar	baked	garlic	bagel	chips	bullseye	barbecueseasoned	sunflower	kernels	overseers	prison	concerned	detainees	pita	bread	meals	planning	food	spicier	prisoners	home	wait	journalists	stand	hot	sun	day	hours	confined	consolidated	bachelor	quarters	sleeping	duplex	room	cots	pillows	blankets	allowed	beach	yards	building	emboldened	rum	imported	puerto	rico	colleague	mad	dash	guard	searchlight	bathwater	caribbean	drinking	entertainment	pool	tableone	cue	cracked	missing	tip	prisoners	contrast	read	korans	novels	religious	books	day	good	night's	sleep	single	cell	day	told	plane	transported	detainees	prematurely	hustled	military	dump	nowheresville	jersey	sunday	night	rental	car	place	state	closed	international	community	treatment	meted	guantanamo	inhumane	bother	canvassing	camp	xray	prisoners	gitmo	press	pass	matt	labash	senior	writer	weekly	standard
42--------------
topic:	175	base	taliban	prisoners	military	cuba	war	afghanistan	karzai	house	washington
file label:guantanamo
guantanamo	hold	terror	prisoners	naval	base	guantamano	bay	cuba	detention	center	thousands	cubans	haitians	seeking	freedom	america	prison	men	radically	view	country	pentagon	planning	house	captured	al	qaeda	terrorists	taliban	fighters	undetermined	time	base	island's	isolated	eastern	coast	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	thursday	logistical	hurdle	moving	dozen	dangerous	men	miles	afghanistan	rumsfeld	called	cuba	worst	place	rep	ileana	roslehtinen	rmiami	supported	idea	part	underscore	naval	base's	strategic	importance	time	members	congress	urged	returning	territory	cuba	excellent	location	life	gitmo	base	called	base	soil	people	detained	entitled	american	residency	eventual	citizenship	privileges	officials	began	offshore	holding	station	haitian	refugee	crisis	rafter	crisis	cubans	haitians	housed	tent	encampment	naval	vessels	picked	sea	prisoners	afghanistan	expected	arrive	weeks	rumsfeld	plans	stage	military	tribunals	trials	base	home	members	navy	marine	corps	biggest	challenge	prisoners	south	asia	caribbean	prisoners	reportedly	held	warships	afghan	region	military	compound	kandahar	afghanistan	forces	built	stockade	sorts	house	plans	southern	command	miami	pentagon's	base	military	operations	latin	america	caribbean	spokesman	steve	lucas	planners	pulled	blueprints	april	clinton	administration	briefly	considered	housing	refugees	kosovo	conflict	base	concern	comfortable	traumatized	victims	civil	war	uprooted	violent	cold	climate	planners	scrambled	deploy	healthcare	workers	muslim	clergymen	white	house	abandoned	idea	instance	military	sources	number	prisoners	smaller	dozens	logistics	focus	security	base	comfort	prisoners	considered	members	terrorist	network	supporters	terrorists	thursday	united	states	estimated	prisoners	custody	guantanamo	detention	space	people	pretty	wellplanned	house	illegal	migrant	detainees	cubans	haitians	lucas	bit	situation	lot	basic	stuff	slice	outdoor	movie	theater	bowling	alleys	mcdonald's	minimall	guantanamo	bay	curious	slice	americana	edge	caribbean	civilians	base	including	families	sailors	marines	manage	port	patrol	fence	line	separates	base	communistruled	cuba	updated	figure	thursday	base	extremely	isolated	visitors	reach	strict	military	escort	prior	permission	pentagon	aboard	special	small	shuttle	flights	reach	base	circuitous	flight	united	states	rare	occasions	cuban	defectors	swimming	dangerous	waters	traversing	cuban	minefield	gate	cuba	proper	base	opened	meetings	military	commanders	repatriate	cubans	base	cuban	leader	fidel	castro	long	argued	military	occupation	base	illegal	officials	base	exists	lease	agreement	part	treaty	cuba	washington	diplomats	giving	land	potential	carrot	negotiation	democratic	cuban	government	roslehtinen	suggested	thursday	move	raise	hackles	cuba's	government	rumsfeld	dismissed	concerns	anticipate	trouble	castro	copyright	miami	herald
43--------------
topic:	152	base	buehn	navy	mission	commander	marine	project	people	latest	island
file label:guantanamo
commander	base	sees	world	change	guantanamo	bay	naval	base	cuba	difference	terrorist	detention	center	busy	oncesleepy	caribbean	outpost	man	charge	restore	stoplight	navy	downsizing	hung	mcdonalds	cuba	armored	vehicles	ferrying	taliban	al	qaeda	prisoners	camp	xray	international	observers	whizzing	time	dust	traffic	signal	operated	base	navy	capt	robert	buehn	museum	sherman	avenue	bit	side	mcdonalds	marine	general	arrived	weeks	run	prison	project	buehn	highest	ranking	officer	cross	mayor	overseeing	schools	social	clubs	run	martin	luther	king	day	navy	commander	charge	strategic	air	sea	refueling	station	head	honcho	base	responsible	nascent	offshore	terror	compound	depending	pentagon	decides	stage	military	tribunals	day	nickname	gitmo	notorious	devil's	island	gitmo	downsized	bit	maintaining	mission	refueling	port	airfield	equivalent	sleepy	fishing	village	interview	weeks	people	drop	boom	town	speak	base	people	glad	part	excited	born	brevard	county	buehn	navy	pilot	rank	captain	equals	army	colonel	arrived	presiding	transformation	suburbanstyle	base	latest	assignment	backwater	people	navy	marine	members	rest	jamaican	filipino	contract	workers	family	members	suspect	bit	dangerous	buehn	mission	residents	civilians	service	members	sense	unity	purpose	uncertainty	sept	left	sitting	sidelines	war	international	terror	single	family	member	contractor	requested	leave	oldest	base	overseas	left	communist	country	marine	brig	gen	michael	lehnert	commander	prison	project	evacuation	sailors	wives	children	live	camp	xray	heavy	layer	marine	army	security	safety	concern	worry	infrastructure	stretched	limit	base	encampment	haitian	cuban	boat	people	commander	civilians	stateside	room	personnel	tend	migrant	project	gitmo's	history	storied	established	served	world	war	ii	outpost	german	uboats	incessant	irritant	fidel	castro	tear	lease	agreement	washington	havana	oust	american	imperialists	island	fact	tensions	hot	base	slipped	navy	wives	kids	cargo	ship	evacuated	cuban	missile	crisis	fourteen	months	castro	cut	utilities	base	compelling	navy	install	electricity	desalination	plants	buehn	cubans	raised	formal	objections	base's	latest	mission	labeled	offer	sofar	spurned	proposal	havana	send	medical	teams	support	prison	camp	project	offer	overture	miami	scorned	publicity	stunt	understanding	capability	medical	care	cuba	geographically	base	split	bay	united	ferry	service	residents	windward	side	alleged	terrorists	flown	afghanistan	leeward	left	single	functioning	air	strip	marines	overnight	flight	crews	washington	decide	maintain	guantanamo	offshore	terrorist	detention	center	buehn	propose	building	maximum	security	facility	leeward	side	buehn	wondering	latest	mission	gitmo's	image	base	commander	lot	thought	guantanamo	bay	conjure	someone's	mind	good	alcatraz	devil's	island	glad	important	mission	place	work	fit	war	terrorism	time	copyright	miami	herald
44--------------
topic:	96	hicks	al	qaeda	australian	taliban	british	captives	australia	cuba	afghanistan
file label:guantanamo
aussies	double	standard	sydney	australia	days	sept	attacks	york	washington	australia	countries	offer	support	war	terrorism	pledging	troops	afghan	offensive	public	opinion	solidly	war	effort	detention	forces	australian	taliban	fighter	david	hicks	provoked	tensions	fray	bilateral	goodwill	highlights	double	standard	international	law	simply	put	american	john	walker	lindh	faces	civilian	trial	foreign	detainees	held	charges	cuba	afghanistan	face	military	tribunals	hicks	handful	westerners	including	british	fighters	fought	taliban	al	qaeda	australia's	opposition	labor	party	called	hicks	held	guantanamo	bay	cuba	returned	home	supreme	court	justice	hicks	casualty	government's	attempt	maintain	favor	washington	relations	protesting	continued	imprisonment	proper	trial	justice	john	dowd	conservative	attorney	general	president	australian	chapter	international	commission	jurists	australian	government	frankly	pathetic	argument	convenience	letting	man	held	conditions	violate	established	conventions	treatment	prisoners	government	classifies	men	illegal	combatants	prisoners	war	rights	laid	geneva	convention	opposition	justice	spokesman	darryl	melham	australian	government's	refusal	demand	consular	access	citizen	compares	poorly	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw's	insistence	british	nationals	captured	al	qaeda	face	military	tribunal	death	penalty	jack	straw	strong	government	melham	americans	retreated	earlier	position	death	penalty	foreigners	worried	extent	guy's	legal	rights	subjugated	australian	government's	shuttle	diplomacy	british	officials	visited	british	captives	guantanamo	bay	complaints	treatment	contrasts	greatly	feelings	expressed	british	press	hicks	foreign	captives	receive	markedly	treatment	walker	men	served	taliban	melham	predicts	damage	international	coalition	terrorism	people	standards	applied	basis	nationality	appears	offenses	hicks	muslim	convert	adelaide	south	australia	captured	dec	northern	alliance	troops	afghanistan	fighting	taliban	forces	handed	americans	hicks	fought	ethnic	albanian	muslims	kosovo	liberation	army	serbia	awaits	uncertain	fate	sympathy	australian	government	realistic	nature	potential	threat	prisoners	transferred	cuba	represent	attorney	general	darryl	williams	trained	terrorists	act	accordance	objective	al	qaeda	dangerous	person	modern	times	williams	australia	position	prosecution	hicks	acknowledging	committed	offenses	australian	law	slight	majority	australians	indifferent	david	hicks's	fate	opinion	polls	talk	radio	popular	medium	politicians	barometer	national	opinion	running	slightly	media	monitoring	agency	rehame	australia	media	analyst	kate	flanders	dissent	emerging	lot	callers	australian	citizen	australia	state	america	indicator	changing	tone	popular	press	month	labeled	hicks	traitor	week	sydney's	sunherald	traitor	naive	patently	stupid	young	man	chose	wrong	heroes	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
45--------------
topic:	116	states	united	people	america	terrorist	world	war	allies	antiamericanism	envy
file label:guantanamo
praise	damn	yankees	author	david	warren	washington	face	hard	reasonable	person	object	war	united	states	waging	international	terrorism	terrorist	regimes	targets	conflict	common	enemy	civilized	men	women	race	colour	creed	magnitude	threat	pose	revealed	world	morning	sept	united	states	compelled	unpreparedness	allies	conduct	fight	military	dimension	singlehandedly	soulsearching	gratitude	allies	resentment	fair	truth	discerned	polls	free	western	world	grateful	balance	supportive	americans	leading	polls	tyrannies	middle	east	africa	asia	occasional	evidence	respect	united	states	command	belief	flaws	united	states	remains	champion	freedom	evidence	huge	demand	visas	places	west	bank	gaza	potential	terrorists	concealed	great	majority	common	knowledge	united	states	land	freedom	opportunity	preferred	destination	world's	emigrants	part	centuries	action	eloquent	words	real	attitudes	people	revealed	granted	true	intellectuals	masters	paradox	paradox	master	thousand	generously	funded	universities	magnets	young	literates	culture	radicals	spout	antiamerican	doctrines	imbibed	safety	leisure	campus	life	confusion	ends	means	free	technology	media	largely	developed	america	world's	prominent	selfstyled	palestinian	refugee	edward	perfect	man	chic	prestige	conferred	elite	universities	publishing	institutions	york	ny	man	advanced	mendacious	critique	orientalism	product	scholarship	demeaned	command	audiences	egypt	middle	east	success	america	terrorism	muted	selfsatisfied	antiamericanism	puts	great	evil	open	display	conventional	verbal	antiamericanism	league	terrorist	strikes	closer	hypocrisy	murderous	hatred	animated	common	sought	murk	individual	human	soul	externals	political	argument	view	decades	adult	life	encountered	resist	antiamericanism	countries	discovered	simple	prejudice	product	comprehensive	reasoning	charges	brought	damn	yankees	shift	loosely	polity	people	sooner	effectively	rebutted	charges	place	quality	knowingness	flavour	conspiracy	world's	open	nation	society	secretly	local	misfortune	column	wrote	day	september	catastrophe	touched	envy	america	believed	root	column	drew	incredulous	responses	sophisticated	readers	words	sacrifice	petty	envy	months	feel	analysis	essentially	moral	political	understand	natural	antipathy	planet	shares	voices	stilled	horror	wake	terror	attacks	america	resumed	antiamerican	tirade	united	states	action	afghanistan	raised	pitch	prisoners	issue	guantanamo	bay	hours	catastrophe	cbc	unselfconsciously	airing	procession	guests	making	liberal	construction	horrible	realize	americans	hated	surprise	surprise	find	rightwing	tabloids	leftwing	pundits	joining	fray	europe	call	facetiously	gitmo	gandhis	speed	mildly	conservative	fellowcanadians	jumped	conclusion	united	states	mistreating	hostages	wilfully	ignoring	geneva	conventions	read	eager	retreat	collapse	arguments	investigations	international	committee	red	cross	left	compounded	antiamericanism	dogma	canada	europe	participates	envy	success	british	lords	humble	skinheads	sneering	american	vulgarity	confers	comforting	sense	personal	national	vindication	prop	pause	briefly	america	imperfect	earthly	governments	people	committed	sins	power	wealth	good	goodness	truth	beauty	country	town	expect	people	born	earthly	advantage	born	mistake	assume	envy	petty	ancestors	wisely	mortal	sins	canker	heart	spreads	vanity	human	soul	turning	worldly	spiritual	failure	indulge	disease	told	wrong	hate	enemies	begins	happen	hate	friends	copyright	national	post	online
46--------------
topic:	73	prisoners	canadian	eggleton	tobin	alqaeda	ottawa	treatment	editorial	godfrey	brian
file label:guantanamo
canada	hand	war	captives	subhead	backbenchers	protest	eggleton	tells	mps	remember	real	issue	sept	author	sheldon	alberts	ottawa	canadian	troops	hand	enemy	fighters	capture	americans	art	eggleton	yesterday	dismissing	concerns	liberal	backbenchers	treatment	taliban	alqaeda	prisoners	military	joint	meeting	foreign	affairs	defence	committees	liberals	marlene	jennings	john	godfrey	challenged	canada's	policy	eggleton	minister	national	defence	satisfied	united	states	treating	prisoners	humanely	accordance	international	law	eggleton	warned	liberal	mps	forget	horror	sept	terrorist	attacks	plight	taliban	alqaeda	prisoners	people	inflicted	terrible	death	pain	people	continent	world	trade	center	york	washington	told	reporters	people	part	terrorist	movement	threat	security	safety	canadians	americans	people	world	brought	justice	remember	official	death	toll	sept	attacks	stands	including	canadians	month	battle	group	canadian	troops	join	forces	afghanistan	mission	includes	hunting	remaining	taliban	alqaeda	fighters	detention	facilities	intent	turn	eggleton	reason	treated	international	red	cross	determine	godfrey	toronto	mp	accused	americans	violating	international	law	blindfolding	shackling	prisoners	transferred	week	detention	centre	kandahar	navy	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	godfrey	hooded	prisoners	put	planes	cuba	canadian	troops	lack	respect	human	person	convention	americans	violated	international	law	treating	people	godfrey	told	eggleton	human	beings	commit	approve	sort	ms	jennings	montreal	mp	demanded	assurances	canadian	soldiers	turn	prisoners	guarantees	face	death	penalty	human	rights	groups	criticized	military's	treatment	prisoners	captured	current	cleanup	operation	southern	afghanistan	commanders	prisoners	unlawful	combatants	opposed	prisoners	war	distinction	provide	treatment	international	law	eggleton	evidence	authorities	failed	provide	humane	care	commanders	assured	canada	follow	international	law	geneva	convention	yesterday	red	cross	team	arrived	guantanamo	bay	detention	centre	inspect	conditions	taliban	alqaeda	prisoners	held	canadian	officials	met	red	cross	inspectors	week	ottawa	problems	treatment	detainees	authorities	hear	international	red	cross	contrary	james	wright	senior	foreign	affairs	official	members	canada's	special	forces	unit	joint	task	force	operating	troops	afghanistan	dozen	members	canadian	reconnaissance	team	arrived	kandahar	sunday	advance	month's	deployment	battle	group	battalion	princess	patricia's	canadian	light	infantry	members	prisoners	afghanistan	missions	prisoners	eggleton	military	officials	guided	geneva	convention	eggleton	canada	clarification	tribunals	judge	prisoners	comply	international	law	information	main	contingent	canadian	soldiers	arrives	afghanistan	midfebruary	policy	canadian	troops	operating	members	airborne	regiment	simply	defer	americans	prisoners	godfrey	unacceptable	canada	ambiguity	policy	treatment	prisoners	turn	blind	eye	outsource	moral	obligations	godfrey	copyright	national	post	online
47--------------
topic:	32	detainees	club	prisoners	international	amnesty	military	deprivation	sensory	med	detainee
file label:guantanamo
camp	xray	club	med	san	francisco	chronicle	january	pg	camp	xray	club	med	debra	saunders	spending	months	frigid	afghanistan	caves	subsisting	allah	detainees	united	states	holding	tropical	guantanamo	bay	died	heaven	heaven	virgins	detainees	balmy	camp	xray	replete	running	water	square	meals	day	modern	medical	care	sort	taliban	version	club	med	call	club	gitmo	americans	brits	hollering	treatment	tough	guys	british	newspaper	headlines	screamed	torture	monstrous	inhumanity	stories	prisoners	treated	wild	beasts	cages	amnesty	international	issued	press	release	accusing	united	states	keeping	prisoners	incommunicado	sensory	deprivation	unnecessary	restraint	humiliation	people	tactics	shaving	effort	break	spirit	individuals	interrogation	noted	uproar	photographs	detainees	transported	airplanes	cells	military	wisely	shackles	prisoners	transport	easiest	violent	people	hurt	british	foreign	ministry	team	spent	days	club	gitmo	reported	british	citizens	held	complaints	treatment	washington	post	reported	foreign	office	parliamentary	secretary	ben	bradshaw	explained	gags	goggles	earmuffs	shackles	prisoners	cells	people	bash	united	states	apparently	care	criticism	clueless	inhumane	sensory	deprivation	charge	amnesty	international	wearing	hood	airplane	sensory	deprivation	security	measure	taliban	code	sensory	deprivation	unnecessary	restraint	detainee	announced	kill	american	leaves	cuba	detainee	bit	guard	pentagon	spokesman	capt	riccoh	player	restraint	embarrassed	press	corps	comments	tuesday's	pentagon	briefing	talk	clueless	reporter	likened	living	tropics	air	conditioning	torture	reporter	asked	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	american	taliban	john	walker	treated	detainees	put	cell	walls	roof	followup	question	guess	journalist	prison	space	ships	cram	dozen	sailors	official's	reaction	status	detainees	brits	amnesty	international	officially	classified	pows	detainee	status	military	leeway	interrogate	operatives	future	terrorist	attacks	white	house	spokesman	ken	lisaius	rightly	noted	club	gitmo	guests	part	members	al	qaeda	free	engage	murder	understand	outrage	military	torturing	mistreating	detainees	amnesty	international	comrades	outraged	military	treating	al	qaeda	captives	prisoners	horror	feeling	rummy	booked	tough	guys	motel	complain	room	service
48--------------
topic:	188	camp	detainees	american	xray	marines	bay	staff	soldiers	alqa'eda	sgt
file label:guantanamo
soldiers	unite	defend	camp	xray	london	daily	telegraph	january	soldiers	unite	defend	camp	xray	american	marines	bruised	criticism	treatment	taliban	alqa'eda	prisoners	reports	toby	harnden	guantanamo	bay	cuba	dawn	prison	camp	echoes	voice	muezzin	muslim	inmates	called	prayer	lieut	abuhena	mohammad	saifulislam	navy	performing	duty	camp	xray's	chaplin	imam	god	great	god	great	officer	chants	arabic	loudspeaker	bear	witness	mohammed	messenger	pray	success	detainees	recite	koran	day's	prayer	sessions	midmorning	lounging	mats	concrete	floors	cages	blistering	sun	beating	tin	roofs	hang	towels	dry	breeze	call	stand	pace	slumping	humvee	moves	slowly	perimeter	marines	assault	rifles	ready	stand	guard	wooden	watchtowers	guards	train	weapons	captured	taliban	alqa'eda	fighters	clad	orange	jump	suits	man	moved	cage	ankles	wrists	shackles	guantanamo	bay	sleepy	forgotten	american	outpost	square	miles	eastern	coast	cuba	seized	marines	whaling	boats	spanishamerican	war	hands	gitmo	short	pearl	caribbean	soldiers	sense	humour	entering	camp	xray	inmate	vowed	kill	american	left	detainee	bit	guard	subdue	days	spat	military	policeman	incidents	rare	camp's	muslim	fanatics	compliant	guards	chilling	staff	sgt	chuck	albrecht	guys	pretty	dirty	detainees	washing	day	granola	bars	box	apple	jacks	fresh	fruit	marines	mps	making	force	staff	sgt	albrecht	angry	accusations	detainees	mistreated	marines	live	encampment	yards	camp	xray's	gates	tents	service	korean	war	holes	problem	stifling	heat	conditions	men	live	similar	detainees	col	terry	carrico	detainees	shackled	operated	gitmo	hospital	brand	copies	koran	lively	salon	antidandruff	shampoo	promises	gentle	formula	restore	moisture	beautiful	clean	hair	tin	roofs	wood	absorb	sun's	heat	cool	detainees	wrinkled	faces	marine	officer	noted	giving	moisturiser	brig	michael	lehnert	alqa'eda	fighter	swiss	francs	month	geneva	convention	rank	revealed	pow	status	accorded	culturally	halal	meals	american	soldiers	cuba's	mcdonald's	restaurant	allranks	bars	popcorn	pizzas	fare	detainees	wanted	water	water	staff	sgt	monte	webster	mp	camp	interpreters	devised	set	hand	signals	taliban	leader	caught	short	needed	portable	lavatory	jokes	camp	xray	sense	danger	present	detainees	toothbrushes	shortened	weapons	trial	york	alqa'eda	suspect	comb	stab	prison	warder	eye	brain	afraid	life	people	trained	kill	specialist	fabian	rivas	give	life	newspaper	coverage	camp	xray	britain	relayed	american	television	radio	close	eroding	morale	week	specialist	rivas	press	propaganda	hard	time	job	staff	sgt	webster	frustrated	bothers	british	who've	humane	treating	wrong	live	talk	brig	lehnert	accepted	detainees	living	basic	conditions	argued	improve	permanent	facilities	built	camp	marine	engineers	hammer	interrogation	centre	cages	finished	target	capacity	detainees	watchtower	stars	stripes	painted	front	sniper's	perch	sign	pointing	mecca	erected	defeated	fighters	allowed	forget	america	sworn	enemy	controls
49--------------
topic:	71	war	prisoners	afghanistan	convention	guantanamo	geneva	base	international	cuba	law
file label:guantanamo
russian	taliban	gitmo	russiaforeignministryuscubabase	ria	novosti	team	russian	law	enforcement	officials	travel	shortly	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	order	determine	real	nationality	alleged	russians	held	base	involvement	terrorist	activities	sources	russian	foreign	ministry	disclosed	thursday	diplomats	elaborated	campaign	terrorism	afghanistan	americans	detained	number	persons	taliban	russian	nationals	information	individuals	temporarily	detained	base	guantanamo	bay	ria	novosti
50--------------
topic:	73	prisoners	canadian	eggleton	tobin	alqaeda	ottawa	treatment	editorial	godfrey	brian
file label:guantanamo
tears	tobin	alqaeda	author	jane	taber	ottawa	plight	prisoners	politicians	weighing	heavily	minds	editorial	writers	pundits	nation's	capital	week	jean	chretien's	cabinet	shuffle	dramatic	departure	brian	tobin	days	print	pundits	time	ponder	actions	pretty	discussing	antics	tobin	elevation	ottawa's	john	manley	status	golden	boy	controversial	pressing	matter	plight	alqaeda	fighters	imprisoned	military	base	cuba	thugs	deserve	humane	treatment	reads	headline	ottawa	citizen	editorial	conditions	detainees	guantanamo	bay	harsh	wiremesh	cells	metres	sleeping	mat	blanket	bucket	toilet	writes	citizen	necessarily	inhumane	hand	assurances	treating	prisoners	humanely	citizen	argues	canada	insist	united	states	competent	tribunal	decide	legal	status	detainees	required	geneva	convention	difficult	find	osama	bin	laden	remaining	thugs	laws	behaving	sudbury	star	agrees	conflict	move	stage	tribunal	formed	united	nations	address	issue	captured	fighters	determine	dealt	editorial	writers	daily	press	timmins	disagree	editorial	appearing	week	newspaper	unequivocal	support	politicians	civil	rights	advocates	overreacting	treatment	captured	alqaeda	taliban	fighters	united	states	military	treat	prisoners	differently	imperil	american	lives	reads	editorial	osama	bin	laden	alive	suspect	giving	civil	rights	advocates	hearty	thumbs	giving	hearty	thumbs	tobin	sudden	departure	politics	provoked	criticism	tears	shed	corner	brian	tobin's	departure	represents	consecutive	betrayal	voters	walter	robinson	federal	director	canadian	taxpayers	federation	regular	columnist	ottawa	sun	wrote	yesterday	tobin	content	home	rock	playing	bag	marbles	collecting	parliamentary	pension	citizen	columnist	rosa	harrisadler	wrote	devastatingly	sarcastic	piece	ridiculing	tobin's	assertion	leaving	family	reasons	chronicles	imagines	week	postpolitics	day	brian	decides	finally	time	learn	diaper	baby	effort	pins	flailing	child	changing	table	discover	diapers	house	brian	confusion	day	ms	harrisadler	notes	tobin	finally	mastered	diapering	process	baby	years	amused	michel	vastel	columnist	le	droit	writes	goodbye	favourite	newfie	tobin	walked	toes	enemies	ottawa	wrote	minister	longestserving	mps	unstable	noting	career	rough	sea	highs	lows	calm	vitriol	continues	kingston	whigstandard	paul	schliesmann	writes	canadians	kind	politician	brian	tobin	flighty	opportunistic	lacking	commitment	job	member	parliament	pundits	ottawa	saved	praise	john	manley	deputy	prime	minister	hometown	favourite	proven	manager	canadians	trust	sun	editorial	observing	emerged	sept	crisis	voice	cabinet	citizen	calls	manley	competent	scrupulously	honest	manley's	continuing	responsibility	national	security	added	clout	gains	deputy	prime	minister	bodes	country	copyright	national	post	online
51--------------
topic:	136	prisoners	treatment	guantanamo	detainees	government	war	usa	base	international	convention
file label:guantanamo
kuala	lumpur	jan	afp	malaysia	friday	official	protest	embassy	inhumane	treatment	taliban	alqaeda	detainees	held	naval	base	cuba	foreign	minister	syed	hamid	albar	quoted	bernama	news	agency	detainees	treated	prisoners	war	international	law	protesting	effort	fight	terrorism	feel	taliban	alqaeda	detainees	war	prisoners	subjected	geneva	convention	moment	treatment	rough	line	guidelines	set	international	law	condition	satisfactory	treatment	inhumane	memorandum	protest	day	prime	minister	mahathir	mohamad	criticised	treatment	detainees	european	nations	criticized	conditions	base	department	defense	photograph	showed	group	prisoners	shackled	blindfolded	kneeling	wearing	ear	muffs	president	george	bush	rejected	charges	illtreatment	satisfied	military	upholding	traditions	humane	treatment	prisoners	protecting	troops	guarding	alqaeda	taliban	prisoners	transferred	afghanistan	isolated	guantanamo	base	cuba's	southeastern	coast	detained	military	afghanistan
52--------------
topic:	136	prisoners	treatment	guantanamo	detainees	government	war	usa	base	international	convention
file label:guantanamo
kuala	lumpur	jan	bernama	umno	supreme	council	thursday	called	foreign	ministry	send	memorandum	protest	united	states	government	treatment	taliban	prisoners	inhumane	prime	minister	datuk	seri	dr	mahathir	mohamad	umno	president	party's	supreme	council	meeting	thursday	note	treatment	washington	taliban	prisoners	xray	camp	criticised	human	rights	groups	west	supreme	council	voiced	protest	united	states	handling	captured	taliban	soldiers	detained	cuba	supreme	council	finds	inhumane	supreme	council	calls	foreign	ministry	send	memo	united	states	government	press	conference	chairing	meeting	umno	headquarters	report	government	brought	prisoners	base	kandahar	afghanistan	guantanamo	bay	naval	base	cuba	including	arrived	monday	inmates	typically	brought	cuba	shackles	handcuffs	wearing	blackedout	goggles	earmuffs	surgical	masks	biting	dr	mahathir	supreme	council	meeting	thursday	discussed	dangers	posed	kumpulan	militan	malaysia	kmm	activities	aimed	topple	government	violence	evidence	involvement	violent	acts	plans	violence	connection	international	terrorists	stressing	kmm	confidence	democratic	system	government	identified	members	group	action	detain	involved	investigations	activities	kmm	members	ongoing	dr	mahathir	government	laws	prevented	crimes	happening	allowed	detention	trial	court	action	proofs	committed	criminal	acts
53--------------
topic:	62	prisoners	camp	treatment	war	rights	guantanamo	taliban	rumsfeld	meat	defense
file label:guantanamo
kota	baharu	jan	bernama	pas	asked	united	states	stop	bad	treatment	taliban	alqaeda	fighters	held	xray	camp	guantanamo	bay	cuba	pas	president	datuk	fadzil	noor	pas	agree	treatment	taliban	alqaeda	soldiers	prisonersofwar	accorded	treatment	geneva	convention	line	basic	human	rights	seek	vengeance	united	states	principles	justice	human	rights	principles	international	principles	accepted	told	reporters	opening	seminar	pas	elected	representatives	peninsula	yesterday	foreign	minister	datuk	seri	syed	hamid	albar	reported	wisma	putra	foreign	ministry	handed	official	protest	united	states	bad	treatment	taliban	alqaeda	detainees	malaysia	felt	taliban	alqaeda	soliders	treated	provisions	geneva	convention
54--------------
topic:	199	countries	opec	khatami	international	washington	prisoners	cooperation	pakistan	nonopec	pakistanis
file label:guantanamo
alqaeda	taliban	prisoners	held	eightbysixfoot	openair	steel	cages	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	custody	forces	afghanistan	flown	similar	camps	sooner	shifting	put	hold	face	deep	international	outrage	washington	treating	prisoners	secretary	rumsfeld	justified	atrocious	conditions	resorting	verbal	quibbling	designating	unlawful	combatants	battlefield	detainees	avoid	giving	pow	status	geneva	conventions	tv	footage	shown	hooded	shackled	prisoners	steel	cages	reminiscent	nazi	concentration	camps	civilised	detention	facility	figure	washington	demanded	islamabad	large	number	dehumanised	detainees	believed	pakistanis	saudi	arabia	france	britain	protested	inhuman	treatment	demanded	repatriation	nationals	pakistan	governments	trouble	finding	citizens	matter	misguided	held	human	rights	groups	condemned	grave	violation	geneva	conventions	islamabad's	silence	set	healthy	precedent	guilt	detainees	determined	competent	court	usa	admits	fates	prisoners	stand	trial	competent	courts	countries	repatriation	home	stand	trial	pakistani	laws	pakistan	coy	exercising	option	incidentally	pakistanis	rotting	afghan	jails	case	islamabad	pretending	exist	pakistan	pledged	million	afghan	reconstruction	citizens	plight	karzai	administration	powerful	compulsions	apparently	labouring	islamabad	seek	details	pakistanis	held	guantanamo	bay	cases	washington	proactive	approach	called
55--------------
topic:	53	space	humanity	international	station	bush	nasa	o'keefe	agency	president	goldin
file label:guantanamo
adbolhassan	sobhani	pot	calling	kettle	black	addressing	friday	worshippers	gathered	tehran	university	iran's	president	akbar	hashemi	rafsanjani	friday	criticized	treatment	taleban	alqa'idah	prisoners	guantanamo	military	base	cuba	president	current	chairman	expediency	council	prisoners	put	chain	cages	summer	winter	americans	treating	prisoners	ostrich	prisoners	prisoners	captives	pointing	finger	blame	tens	regimes	governments	world	decades	washington	review	history	crimes	humanity	nonwasp	humanity	nonwasp	humanity	nonwhite	anglosaxonprotestant	humanity	part	humanity	eyes	bluest	blue	hair	blondest	blonde	americans	sort	humanity	qualify	laws	legislated	international	organizations	accepted	world	conventions	john	walker	american	taleban	guantanamo	part	nonwasp	humanity	treatment	alqa'idah	taleban	prisoners	history	shameful	detentions	history	postwar	incarceration	century	president	george	bush	recognize	detainees	guantanamo	military	base	war	captives	accord	rights	privileges	automatically	geneva	convention	argument	bush	detainees	members	terrorist	group	qualify	members	defeated	country	army	assume	george	bush	point	making	argument	decide	captive	captive	international	tribunal	consisting	experts	international	law	decide	issue	bush	knowledge	international	law	leaves	plenty	desired	world	watching	treating	detainees	guantanamo	world	remembers	united	states	calling	countries	violators	human	rights	involved	grossest	type	human	rights	violations	case	united	states	case	pot	called	kettle	black	united	states	committed	human	rights	show	treatment	detainees	transported	chain	side	globe	defending	taleban	alqa'idah	members	guilty	heinous	crimes	poor	oppressed	people	afghanistan	point	united	states	pontificating	preaching	human	rights	suddenly	forget	lectures	countries	nations
56--------------
topic:	175	base	taliban	prisoners	military	cuba	war	afghanistan	karzai	house	washington
file label:guantanamo
kabul	feb	afp	interim	afghan	leader	hamid	karzai	travel	united	arab	emirates	sunday	completing	visits	countries	recognized	taliban	regime	september	kabul	announced	afghan	embassy	islamabad	reopen	week	karzai's	historic	fencemending	visit	pakistan	friday	official	trip	saudi	arabia	step	heal	festering	wounds	karzai	saturday	pardoned	captured	taliban	soldiers	innocent	part	general	amnesty	allowed	footsoldiers	free	afghan	interim	government	branded	mullah	abdul	wakil	mutawakel	taliban	foreign	minister	surrendered	forces	kandahar	friday	war	criminal	put	trial	taliban	leaders	created	misery	people	world	suffered	deserve	justice	treated	war	criminals	supported	terrorism	interim	foreign	minister	abdullah	abdullah	closest	aides	reclusive	taliban	leader	mullah	mohammad	omar	potential	source	crucial	evidence	omar	bin	laden	chief	suspect	september	terror	attacks	eluded	usled	manhunt	united	states	brought	alqaeda	taliban	captives	detention	camp	naval	base	cuba	saturday	bringing	total	detainees	held	arrivals	dressed	standardissue	zippered	orange	jumpsuits	bound	shackled	blue	jackets	wore	flight	removed	scissorswielding	troops	prisoners	descended	plane	tropical	heat	geneva	international	committee	red	cross	icrc	washington	odds	washington's	decision	recognise	captured	taliban	alqaeda	fighters	prisoners	war	divergent	views	icrc	procedures	apply	determine	persons	detained	entitled	prisoner	war	status	icrc	statement	icrc	pursue	dialogue	issue	president	george	bush	decided	thursday	geneva	conventions	apply	captured	taliban	fighters	afghanistan	military	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	alqaeda	members	washington	group	accorded	prisoner	war	status	concern	continued	signs	expanding	war	terror	countries	care	avoid	criticizing	bush	secretarygeneral	kofi	annan	unrealistic	world	terms	good	evil	states	interview	published	swiss	daily	newspaper	blick	saturday	annan	asked	bush's	statement	describing	iran	iraq	north	korea	part	axis	evil	annan	specifically	mentioning	divide	world	good	evil	shades	gray	eu	commissioner	chris	patten	speaking	newspaper	interview	accused	bush's	administration	dangerously	absolutist	simplistic	stance	time	european	governments	spoke	stopped	washington	unilateralist	overdrive	told	british	newspaper	guardian	ottawa	group	industrialized	nations	called	intensified	efforts	freeze	terrorist	financing	reported	million	dollars	frozen	september	significant	results	achieved	final	communique	finance	ministers	britain	canada	france	germany	italy	japan	united	states	september	countries	jurisdictions	issued	orders	freeze	terrorist	assets	million	dollars	frozen	worldwide	twoday	gathering	ottawa	nearby	quebec	sign	progress	cracking	terrorist	networks	court	sources	paris	islamic	militant	investigation	alleged	plot	attack	french	city	strasbourg	admitted	meeting	terrorist	suspects	training	camp	afghanistan	yacine	akhnouche	arrested	monday	told	police	met	suspected	shoe	bomber	richard	reid	zacarias	moussaoui	training	camp	afghanistan	stays	country	moussaoui	frenchman	moroccan	descent	person	charged	connection	september	attacks	york	washington	reid	british	national	arrested	allegedly	light	fuse	attached	explosives	shoes	paris	miami	flight	december	karzai	continued	wrestle	security	problems	rival	warlords	fill	power	vacuum	left	fall	taliban	saturday	met	representatives	warlords	clashed	violently	week	governor	eastern	paktia	province	matter	karzai	wanted	involved	finding	solution	deputy	border	affairs	minister	mirza	ali	told	afp	fifty	people	killed	twoday	battle	karzai's	appointed	governor	padsha	khan	forces	secure	governor's	house	provincial	capital	gardez	driven	rival	warlord	saif	ullah	refused	give	power	karzai	blamed	khan	fighting	reason	finish	warlordism	country	clash	called	question	karzai's	ability	govern	kabul	area	bolstered	appeal	deployment	international	troops	country	search	kidnapped	journalist	daniel	pearl	stretched	day	pakistan	sign	wall	street	journal	correspondent	abducted	researching	story	islamic	militancy
57--------------
topic:	194	general	strike	wednesday	military	forces	pdvsa	opposition	national	chavez	minister
file label:guantanamo
antiterrorist	war	time	initially	launched	operation	infinite	justice	infinitely	difficult	reconcile	oneself	pictures	chained	humiliated	taliban	alqaida	prisoners	guantanamo	base	cuba	pictures	resemble	attempt	satisfy	primitive	thirst	revenge	convince	americans	bush	administration	succeeded	removing	regime	religious	madmen	outoftheway	afghanistan	prisoner	responsible	terrorist	acts	day	september	british	governments	reject	suggestion	prisoners	harmed	alter	fact	pictures	hooded	prisoners	chains	paint	picture	united	states	selfrighteousness	equally	worryingly	great	amount	debate	allowed	infringe	international	rules	impression	reinforced	fact	time	united	states	geneva	convention	refused	treat	prisoner	prisoners	war	competent	court	decided	differently	superpower	entered	legal	fog	prisoners	stamped	nonsense	term	international	law	battlefield	prisoners	face	prospect	subjected	due	law	final	analysis	sentenced	death	closed	military	courts	open	courts	prisoners	war	terms	geneva	convention	people	difficult	mobilize	great	degree	understanding	responsible	bloody	terrorism	united	states	day	september	issue	present	moment	principles	stake	farreaching	repercussions	future	war	terrorism	behavior	united	states	compromising	image	war	terrorism	expression	higher	form	justice	unshakeable	defender	justice	undoubtedly	rub	superpower's	allies	including	denmark	reason	moral	duty	speak	swedish	foreign	minister	anna	lindh	yesterday	face	risk	undermining	legitimacy	antiterrorism	war	present	sending	signal	despots	world	exploit	demonstrated	great	skill	behavior	exploiting	west's	fear	terrorism
58--------------
topic:	129	prisoners	detainees	war	guantanamo	base	taliban	cuba	afghanistan	geneva	washington
file label:guantanamo
prisoners	alqa'ida	taliban	transported	cells	guantanamo	base	cuba	united	states	war	terrorism	enters	stage	completely	armed	confrontation	afghanistan	heat	military	battles	afghanistan	background	double	crime	hit	united	states	international	opinion	overlook	inhumane	practices	front	situation	changed	fundamentally	batches	alqa'ida	taliban	prisoners	started	arriving	guatanamo	base	shackled	caged	cages	longer	feet	wider	attention	world	moved	afghanistan	cuba	follow	amnesty	international	considers	uncomfortable	situation	detainees	prompted	washington's	closest	allies	britain	australia	express	concern	prisoners	transported	afghanistan	treated	captivity	obvious	statements	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	detainees	illegitimate	fighters	home	geneva	convention	pow's	apply	helped	alleviate	world	concern	abandoning	wellknown	commitment	principles	justice	treating	alqa'ida	taliban	prisoners	continued	ambiguity	title	prisoners	specifically	prisoners	war	illegitimate	combatants	possibility	private	closed	martial	court	united	states	maintain	international	sympathy	war	campaign	western	criticism	united	states	heightens	urgent	washington	clarify	stand	treating	prisoners	destiny	recorded	history	number	democracy	war	won	war	terrorism	weeks	lost	reputation	commitment	principles	human	justice	centuries	gain
59--------------
topic:	157	party	united	prisoners	states	mugabe	government	monday	foreign	opposition	people's
file label:guantanamo
prime	minister	anders	fogh	rasmussen	liberal	party	voiced	approval	treatment	alqaida	prisoners	guantanamo	military	base	cuba	government	announced	united	states	respect	international	commitments	fogh	rasmussen	weekly	press	conference	tuesday	points	united	states	allowed	red	cross	inspect	conditions	guantanamo	base	criticism	red	cross	fails	mention	international	stage	red	cross	subsequently	criticized	treatment	prisoners	eu	foreign	affairs	spokesman	javier	solana	criticized	united	states	recognizing	alqaida	prisoners	prisoners	war	understood	geneva	convention	swedish	government	expressed	concern	prisoners	rights	fogh	fair	trial	prisoners	treated	respect	integrity	religion	fair	trial	fogh	rasmussen	monday	liberal	party	foreign	affairs	spokesman	troels	lund	poulsen	debate	prisoners	rights	intellectual	discussion	stig	moller	give	rights	foreign	minister	stig	moller	conservative	people's	party	urging	united	states	guarantee	prisoners	status	prisoners	war	consequence	protection	terms	geneva	convention	expect	united	states	satisfy	requirements	international	conventions	stig	moller	press	conference	berlin	monday	social	democratic	party	raise	denmark's	voice	social	democratic	party	takes	view	danish	government	raise	voice	united	states	information	questionable	aspects	approach	political	spokesman	mogens	lykketoft	social	democratic	party	told	ritzau	bureau	united	states	point	difficult	decide	terrorists	prisoners	war	focus	treatment	socialist	people's	party	sending	urgent	call	government	deliver	official	criticism	united	states	duty	danish	government	applaud	americans	support	action	criticize	form	treatment	prisoners	socialist	people's	party	chairman	holger	nielsen	foreign	minister	give	written	reply	outlining	government's	position	issue	danish	people's	party	danes	danish	people's	party	sees	reason	criticize	united	states	great	confidence	americans	relation	prisoners	reasonable	imagine	united	states	good	reasons	transporting	cuba	foreign	affairs	spokesman	peter	skaarup	danish	people's	party	long	danes	involved	danish	people's	party	denmark	interfere	dane	involved	matter	united	states	countries	citizens	affected	peter	skaarup	alluding	united	kingdom	sweden
60--------------
topic:	140	rights	human	ngos	suhakam	report	ramdas	commissioners	malaysia	boycott	suhakam's
file label:guantanamo
spanish	daily	urges	caution	judging	usa's	treatment	suspects	text	unsigned	editorial	treatment	prisoners	spanish	newspaper	abc	web	site	dissemination	photos	group	detainees	guantanamo	aroused	international	controversy	critics	condemn	inhumane	nature	treatment	prisoners	receiving	handcuffed	immobilized	shackles	subjected	sensory	deprivation	confined	minute	cells	accusations	confirmed	definition	torture	violation	human	rights	witnessing	distortion	reality	cases	pure	falsehoods	photos	voluntarily	press	american	authorities	clarified	depicted	group	dangerous	prisoners	arrived	base	undergone	process	identification	prior	confinement	normal	living	conditions	decisive	fact	presence	days	international	committee	red	cross	preparing	report	usual	refused	statements	speak	report	lies	difference	countries	torture	systematically	carried	cuba	china	inspection	international	organizations	permitted	result	report	account	political	moral	judgments	guilty	guilty	time	members	british	government	interviewed	prisoners	nationality	received	complaints	treatment	receiving	indications	exist	system	prisoners	subjected	excessively	harsh	united	states	government	dispel	suspicions	refuses	prisoners	war	apply	geneva	convention	proper	cite	fact	base	american	soil	rented	base	backing	majority	public	serve	justification	excesses	violations	rights	time	exist	indications	shadows	suspicion	materialize	dispelled	knowledge	facts	relevant	reports	matter	launch	scandal	antiamericanism	case	attitude	american	authorities	previously	displayed	dictatorships	totalitarian	systems	including	communist	permit	inspection	dissemination	photographs	enormous	difference	terror	established	guantanamo
61--------------
topic:	82	bush	gas	kyoto	emissions	plan	gdp	greenhouse	protocol	increase	countries
file label:guantanamo
washington	january	xinhua	secretary	state	colin	powell	asked	president	george	bush	reverse	president's	decision	alqa'ida	taliban	detainees	declare	terrorists	prisoners	war	geneva	convention	washington	times	reported	saturday	fourpage	internal	white	house	memorandum	obtained	washington	times	shows	powell	request	bush	national	security	council	plans	meet	matter	monday	morning	bush	decided	january	hundreds	taliban	members	usama	bin	ladin's	alqa'ida	army	detainees	prisoners	war	subject	rights	geneva	convention	secretary	state	requested	reconsider	decision	white	house	counsel	alberto	gonzales	wrote	memo	bush	specifically	asked	conclude	gpw	geneva	convention	ii	treatment	prisoners	war	apply	alqa'ida	taliban	fighters	human	rights	groups	european	countries	protested	bush's	decision	critical	living	conditions	detainees	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba
62--------------
topic:	136	prisoners	treatment	guantanamo	detainees	government	war	usa	base	international	convention
file label:guantanamo
spanish	daily	blasts	meaningless	announcement	guantanamo	detainees	text	unsigned	editorial	headlined	usa	tramples	rights	guantanamo	prisoners	published	spanish	newspaper	el	mundo	web	site	white	house	spokesman	announced	night	taleban	prisoners	held	guantanamo	enjoy	treatment	envisaged	geneva	convention	foreign	prisoners	alqai'dah	bush	administration	considers	terrorists	geneva	convention	international	treaty	signed	usa	countries	regulates	treatment	prisoners	war	grants	set	legal	humanitarian	rights	bush's	spokesman	added	detainees	guantanamo	prisonerofwar	status	apparently	positive	part	white	house	statement	meaningless	usa	refuses	admit	detainees	prisoners	war	convention	answer	questions	give	rank	war	crimes	repatriated	war	ends	white	house	treat	taleban	accordance	geneva	convention	pure	rhetoric	public	relations	exercise	meaningless	practice	key	issue	treated	humanely	beliefs	respected	legal	status	enjoy	advantages	prisoners	war	criminal	law	jurisdiction	men	held	incommunicado	place	usa	cuba	government	answered	question	international	organizations	red	cross	human	rights	watch	denounced	defenceless	situation	prisoners	access	lawyers	enjoy	minimum	guarantees	judicial	proceedings	case	exist	donald	rumsfeld	senior	washington	officials	justify	happening	guantanamo	grounds	detainees	dangerous	terrorists	case	worst	criminals	lawyer	charges	paradoxical	supposedly	model	democracy	usa	trample	law	extent
63--------------
topic:	113	military	states	united	law	civilian	alqa'ida	humanitarian	protection	taliban	fighters
file label:guantanamo
attacks	world	trade	center	towers	pentagon	attacks	freedoms	values	united	states	western	world	stand	president	bush	declared	shortly	afterward	people	europe	repeated	great	deal	truth	light	happened	question	arises	americans	allies	inclined	sacrifice	values	good	doubt	military	operation	intensified	security	measures	imperative	terrible	tragedy	september	alqa'ida	terrorists	taliban	fighters	concerned	human	suffering	caused	generally	ends	dealing	opponents	justify	means	place	case	military	action	afghanistan	reasons	justification	action	combatants	war	conduct	constantly	tested	standards	international	humanitarian	law	rules	curb	force	military	operation	agreed	states	world	sufferings	war	henceforth	bearable	involved	conflict	rules	laid	geneva	conventions	provide	protection	sick	wounded	servicemen	prisoners	war	addition	attempts	prevent	unnecessary	suffering	military	personnel	civilians	instance	imposing	restrictions	weapons	greatest	attention	paid	fate	civilian	population	principle	object	military	operation	humanitarian	law	requires	circumstances	distinction	military	targets	involved	armed	conflict	supplementary	protocols	geneva	conventions	adopted	increase	protection	civilian	population	countries	parties	united	states	ratified	protocols	additional	protection	offer	difficult	enforce	conflict	troops	part	doubtful	news	reaches	afghanistan	great	press	reports	suggest	humanitarian	law	violated	regularly	weeks	happened	solemn	pledges	united	nations	united	states	committed	minimizing	civilian	casualties	damage	civilian	property	speak	targeting	error	red	cross	warehouse	recognizable	large	red	cross	painted	roof	shelled	aircraft	building	enjoys	highest	protection	object	attack	established	military	purposes	case	doubtful	crucial	distinction	military	civilian	targets	systematically	newspaper	headlines	united	nations	confirms	bombing	village	mosque	killed	bombing	eastern	afghanistan	speak	witnesses	attacks	area	alqa'ida	troops	taliban	observed	attacks	directed	clear	military	target	large	number	civilian	casualties	justifiable	plans	military	attack	precautions	prevent	tragedy	protection	civilian	population	wrong	secretary	rumsfeld's	statements	november	united	states	inclined	negotiate	surrenders	position	small	numbers	forces	ground	accept	prisoners	hope	killed	prisoner	northern	alliance	suggested	death	conflict	taliban	alqa'ida	fighters	amount	flagrant	violation	humanitarian	law	ceases	fighting	reason	entitled	protection	deplored	statements	senior	commander	serves	observance	rules	humanitarian	law	months	concern	fate	captive	taliban	alqa'ida	fighters	increased	moving	captives	guantanamo	bay	military	base	cuba	rightly	whipping	storm	protest	humanitarian	law	leaves	doubt	fall	captive	opponent's	hands	entitled	times	decent	treatment	qualify	prisoner	war	status	transporting	people	shackled	hand	foot	hoods	heads	shaving	beards	form	part	religious	identity	accommodation	halfopen	cages	small	pass	test	consequences	september	making	felt	battlefield	shortly	decision	military	action	bush	administration	decided	provide	press	sparse	information	operation	press	freedom	jewel	constitution	restricted	reasons	national	security	citizens	information	government's	actions	crippled	fact	accepted	present	complaint	protest	international	human	rights	organizations	approval	large	sections	population	antiterrorism	measures	adopted	great	haste	foreigners	suspected	maintaining	loose	ties	terrorist	organizations	detained	indefinitely	uncertainty	precise	number	men	middle	east	arrested	media	possibility	questioning	presumed	terrorists	roughly	considered	aloud	timely	accurate	information	attacks	naturally	great	global	ban	torture	abused	account	matter	raises	questions	order	president	bush	issued	november	united	states	detain	citizen	suspected	member	alqa'ida	involved	international	terrorism	special	military	commissions	stated	black	white	feasible	commissions	apply	normal	principles	law	rules	evidence	evidence	accepted	normal	person	deems	evidence	guilt	established	reasonable	doubt	mention	presumption	innocence	appeal	death	penalty	hand	taliban	alqa'ida	fighters	captured	john	walker	lindh	ordinary	criminal	courts	difference	foreigners	likelihood	captured	british	fighters	britain	questioning	presumed	war	criminals	milosevic	enjoy	guarantees	fair	trial	taliban	alqa'ida	fighters	guantanamo	trial	falls	short	basic	standards	constitution	treaty	civil	political	rights	ratified	united	states	united	states	screws	tightened	number	countries	sharpened	laws	september	increased	detention	possibilities	stricter	legislation	asylum	immigration	december	uk	proclaimed	state	emergency	passed	antiterrorism	crime	security	act	suspicion	foreigner	involved	international	terrorism	arrested	imprisoned	emerges	person	concerned	removed	british	territory	danger	country	detained	indefinitely	law	states	tragedy	polish	image	wellunderstood	selfinterest	countries	russia	china	israel	joined	bush	administration's	antiterrorism	campaign	enabled	compare	domestic	situation	situation	moral	support	fight	waging	terrorism	years	israeli	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	called	palestinian	leader	arafat	usama	bin	ladin	fight	terrorism	undoubtedly	justified	struggle	holds	true	fundamental	principles	human	rights	humanitarian	law	respected	observance	rules	insure	fight	terrorism	lost	prove	respect	human	dignity	west	rightly	champion
64--------------
topic:	71	war	prisoners	afghanistan	convention	guantanamo	geneva	base	international	cuba	law
file label:guantanamo
london	jan	afp	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	thursday	preferable	british	prisoners	held	navy	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	face	justice	britain	britons	captured	alqa'ida	taliban	fighters	detained	camp	captured	afghanistan	usled	military	campaign	country's	nowcrumbled	hardline	taliban	regime	preferable	british	citizens	united	kingdom	face	justice	straw	told	bbc	radio	speaking	american	john	walker	lindh	captured	fighting	taliban	arrived	handcuffed	shackled	dulles	international	airport	capital	late	wednesday	nearby	jail	faces	trial	country	charges	conspiring	kill	nationals	supporting	terrorist	groups	military	put	hold	transfers	prisoners	cuba	base	wednesday	international	criticism	conditions	makeshift	camp	grown	detainees	transferred	afghanistan	earlier	month	prisoners	held	temporary	outdoor	detention	facility	called	camp	xray	separate	cell	concrete	floor	wooden	roof	chainlink	walls
65--------------
topic:	8	prisoners	united	pows	states	international	war	detainees	treatment	guantanamo	issue
file label:guantanamo
captive	defeated	war	apparently	bad	treated	prisoner	war	worse	mankind	unquestionably	civilized	respect	humanitarian	treatment	pows	today	basis	principles	international	law	comparison	ancient	times	pows	slaughtered	enslaved	watch	regression	regard	side	story	respect	treatment	pows	reported	armed	forces	captives	interned	guantanamo	dangerous	terrorists	islamic	muslims	captives	receive	humanitarian	treatment	religious	belief	respected	military	officer	charge	prisoners	camp	prisoners	young	people	locked	separately	cells	square	meters	armed	forces	prisoner	living	necessities	towel	toothpaste	soap	shampoo	prisoner	twin	bed	soft	mattress	sleep	prisoner	koran	receive	mat	prayer	lisa	ewing	female	police	officer	watches	pows	reporters	day	wake	time	prayer	bring	breakfast	firstday	menu	prisoners	shows	package	vacuumpacked	italian	vegetable	noodle	package	peanuts	granola	bars	box	colorful	sugarcoated	cereal	favorite	american	young	people	menu	includes	oatmeal	raisin	potato	chips	pretzel	foods	strange	prisoners	united	states	abided	dietary	rules	muslims	follow	clean	water	prisoners	drink	request	organizations	international	red	cross	media	united	states	guantanamo	inspect	situation	detainees	prisoners	living	conditions	day	basically	transparent	reports	true	treatment	prisoners	reproach	american	people	maintain	treating	prisoners	reproachable	christopher	physician	working	prisoners	camp	treat	international	community	descriptions	views	issue	medium	description	guantanamo	prisoners	camp	meter	cement	cell	standards	cells	built	american	prisoners	fullyarmed	watchful	prison	guards	naval	personnel	rounds	inspection	camp	prisoners	dressed	orange	onepiece	handcuffed	movements	confined	allowed	walk	cells	bath	toilet	hands	tied	supervised	sides	soldiers	allowed	talk	hear	touch	allowed	move	freely	british	newspaper	maintains	xray	prison	camp	guantanamo	full	cruelties	torture	british	secretary	foreign	affairs	straw	detainees	identities	receive	treatment	line	humanitarian	spirit	principles	international	law	ann	crawd	chairwoman	human	rights	commission	pointed	united	states	play	human	rights	violate	geneva	convention	relative	treatment	prisoners	war	signed	strategy	strategy	testing	moves	move	disclosing	state	detainees	guantanamo	allowing	international	organizations	media	inspect	wise	international	community	sorts	misgivings	treatment	detainees	people	question	government	refuses	characterize	detainees	guantanamo	prisoners	war	claiming	treatment	line	geneva	convention	pows	basing	media	reports	government	issue	evidently	september	pains	government	harboring	deep	hatred	prisoners	prisoners	hands	government	easily	seek	revenge	reassert	authority	chooses	characterize	detainees	pows	release	sooner	people	attack	united	states	terrorist	means	respect	human	rights	expression	mankind's	progress	united	states	underscores	values	ideas	prisoners	dual	identities	enemies	weaker	parties	government	act	venting	personal	grudge	detaining	prisoners	citizens	belligerent	country	citizens	nonbelligerent	countries	citizens	united	states	allies	britain	united	states	simply	issue	contradiction	enemy	international	relations	issue	defining	prisoners	status	united	states	test	attitudes	international	community	attitudes	european	countries	war	united	states	appeared	upholder	justice	handle	problems	upholder	justice	war	win	support	appears	united	states	detainees	status	issue	life	death	visiting	guantanamo	prisoners	camp	international	organizations	media	accusing	united	states	harsh	prisoners	restrictions	camp	cells	smallmary	robinson	senior	special	commissioner	human	rights	urge	united	states	pay	attention	respecting	obligations	prescribed	international	law	superficial	issues	guantanamo	detainees	core	issue	taliban	alqaeda	members	pows	unlawful	combatants	avna	kidlon	senior	policy	advisor	amnesty	international	status	detainees	issue	life	death	united	states	insisted	prisoners	military	tribunal	sentenced	death	violates	international	norms	line	proper	procedures	crux	issue	secretary	defense	rumsfeld	afghanistan's	taliban	alqaeda	members	unlawful	combatants	pows	united	states	treat	pows	enjoy	rights	prescribed	geneva	convention	pows	apparently	international	community	support	viewpoint	measures	time	war	history	terrorists	war	prisoners	international	community	universally	acknowledged	definition	terrorist	established	provision	international	law	assessing	punishments	terrorists	precedence	reference	international	community	feels	incomprehensible	taliban	alqaeda	members	considered	pows	war	organized	combatants	battles	fought	organized	resistance	captured	battles	war	taliban	alqaeda	members	countries	world	pow	issue	involves	laws	dignity	countries	worries	west	countries	united	states	refuses	treat	detainees	pows	soldiers	treated	guantanamo	prisoners	captured	taliban	remnants	radical	organizations	part	united	nations	peacekeeping	missions	doubt	united	states	willfulness	greatly	annoyed	countries	international	organizations	war	president	bush	war	mobilization	speech	declared	country	state	war	afghanistan	war	winning	war	government	excuses	deny	captives	pow	status	uncle	sam's	worries	justified	hegemonic	setting	rules	convincing	united	states	chooses	disregard	geneva	convention	time	legality	sanctity	international	law	substantially	reduced	similar	problems	occur	future	countries	universallyacknowledged	rules	follow	factors	consideration	powell	soldierturned	statesman	moderate	advised	bush	give	guantanamo	detainees	pow	status	promulgated	august	geneva	pow	convention	effective	october	united	states	signatories	convention	treatment	pows	privileges	compare	convention's	provisions	media's	descriptions	detainees	terms	dignity	lodging	clothing	activities	trial	current	treatment	detainees	prisoners	brought	prisons	brutal	manner	pictures	show	prisoners	orange	onepiece	blindfolded	thick	black	cloths	hands	feet	tied	kneeling	ground	prisoner	interned	cell	square	meters	size	cell	house	prisoners	arrival	captives	future	camp's	temperature	exceeded	degrees	celsius	prisoners	hands	feet	shackled	prisoners	orange	onepiece	move	freely	breathe	entire	camp	surrounded	fences	watchtowers	corners	prisoners	exercise	bath	toilet	hands	tied	soldiers	accompany	detainees	instructed	talk	listen	touch	short	allowed	move	freely	military	tribunal	prisoners	jury	captives	appeal	convention's	provisions	pows	protected	circumstances	receive	humanitarian	treatment	subjected	outrage	coercion	humiliation	harassment	curious	public	reprisal	prisoners	war	prohibited	housing	conditions	pows	troops	stationing	detaining	power	area	provision	applicable	pows	dormitories	total	area	minimum	cubic	space	clothing	underwear	footwear	supplied	pows	sufficient	quantity	detaining	power	adequate	ensuring	pows	health	pows	opportunity	exercise	exercise	include	sports	games	outdoor	activities	captive	camps	room	purpose	tobacco	permitted	soldiers	court	war	crime	jury	entitled	appeal	attachments
66--------------
topic:	121	states	united	coup	government	american	countries	bustani	venezuela's	venezuela	constitutional
file label:guantanamo
european	countries	belgium	sunday	diplomat	guantanamo	verify	identity	detainee	claims	belgian	nationality	united	states	raising	volume	matter	struggle	terrorism	high	belgian	diplomat	posted	united	states	left	washington	sunday	american	base	gauntanamo	cuba	taliban	captured	military	operations	afghanistan	held	diplomat	traveled	company	colleagues	eu	countries	board	special	military	flight	prisons	conditions	transport	detention	continue	arouse	controversy	citizens	european	countries	claiming	detainees	claimed	belgian	nationality	naturalized	person	originated	country	northern	africa	paper	told	belgium	expressed	amount	impatience	american	authorities	learned	european	countries	great	britain	france	send	verification	mission	united	states	prepared	fight	terrorism	priority	belgium	verify	identity	detainee	claims	nationality	stage	belgium	imagine	providing	assistance	person	claims	citizens	type	assistance	united	states	rejecting	idea	prisoners	denies	status	prisoners	war	receive	consular	support	reserved	prisoners	common	law	paper	told	sunday	foreign	affairs	ministry	brussels	diplomat	guantanamo	supposed	stay	camp	xray	tuesday	task	learning	detention	conditions	belgian	taliban	detail	shows	american	defiance	european	approaches	army	impose	elevated	price	trip	diplomats	washington
67--------------
topic:	133	prisoners	military	geneva	war	conventions	international	rights	legal	special	pows
file label:guantanamo
fate	detainees	hangs	wording	paris	future	taliban	al	qaeda	fighters	held	cuba	unclear	view	darkened	goggles	wear	stepped	plane	military	base	guantanamo	bay	washington's	refusal	grant	official	prisonerof	war	status	sparked	protests	human	rights	groups	disagreement	international	committee	red	cross	icrc	oversees	geneva	conventions	pow	designation	steel	manacles	openair	cells	appears	sidestepping	conventions	order	craft	unusual	legal	strategy	enable	al	qaeda	suspects	special	military	tribunals	fifty	men	held	guantanamo	sixbyeight	foot	concretefloored	cells	wooden	roofs	chainlink	fence	walls	leave	open	elements	military	engineers	preparing	build	cells	prisoners	held	afghanistan	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	told	porters	plan	part	treat	manner	consistent	geneva	conventions	extent	careful	refer	prisoners	unlawful	combatants	battlefield	detainees	prisoners	war	description	severely	reduces	rights	men	pows	geneva	conventions	prompted	rebuttal	international	red	cross	presumed	pows	icrc	military	authorities	decide	courts	michael	kleiner	icrc	spokesman	recalled	court	determined	panamanian	strongman	manuel	noriega	pow	government's	refusal	classify	capture	issue	heart	administration's	hopes	prosecuting	al	qaeda	leaders	suspected	involvement	terrorist	attacks	targets	geneva	convention	prisoners	war	courts	rules	soldiers	country	holding	prisoners	means	al	qaeda	suspects	special	military	tribunals	rules	worked	regular	military	courts	uniform	code	military	justice	give	prisoners	threetier	appeal	system	reaching	possibly	supreme	court	reason	americans	nervous	applying	pow	convention	glory	adam	roberts	expert	international	law	oxford	university	england	editor	documents	laws	war	attorney	general	john	ashcroft	tuesday	administration	seek	criminal	charges	civil	court	american	taliban	prisoner	john	walker	lindh	send	military	tribunal	ashcroft	face	death	penalty	officials	foreign	prisoners	captured	afghanistan	covered	geneva	convention	bands	people	meet	criteria	organized	military	activity	pentagon	spokeswoman	susan	hanson	put	pentagon	stressed	prisoners	treated	culturally	meals	day	opportunity	shower	exercise	receive	medical	attention	human	rights	organizations	raised	questions	prisoners	housing	conditions	geneva	convention	standard	enjoyed	guards	pows	conditions	united	states	complain	rightly	james	ross	senior	legal	adviser	yorkbased	human	rights	watch	icrc	send	team	guantanamo	week	officials	inspect	camp	xray	pentagon	legal	experts	working	procedure	decide	prisoners	fate	policy	construct	military	situation	find	dealing	irregular	forces	variety	countries	suspected	terrorism	traditional	war	crimes	ms	hanson	clear	bunch	lawyers	treaties	conventions	figure	rumsfeld	told	reporters	week	bit	tangle	people	prof	roberts	geneva	conventions	pows	returned	home	war	saudi	egyptian	detainees	face	mistreatment	hands	governments	means	washington	forbidden	international	law	hand	unclear	constitute	war	terrorism	individuals	continued	danger	authorities	reluctant	release	envisioned	geneva	conventions	drawn	tom	farer	dean	denver	university's	graduate	school	international	studies	special	assistant	defense	department's	special	counsel	worrying	adds	prof	roberts	calling	people	battlefield	detainees	united	states	creating	legal	limbo	clear	legal	standards	top	untitled	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
68--------------
topic:	143	prisoners	war	photograph	world	legal	afghanistan	americans	men	officials	states
file label:guantanamo
communicating	lesson	drawn	pentagon	white	house	hue	cry	provoked	world	release	famous	photographs	blinded	gagged	chained	kneeling	prisoners	enclosure	guantanamo	camp	brilliantly	waged	carefully	framed	war	punctuated	briefings	brought	donald	rumsfeld	defense	secretary	veritable	media	triumph	image	commentaries	newspapers	disposed	united	states	daily	telegraph	times	london	remarks	officials	coalition	reactions	great	britain	us's	top	ally	afghanistan	ranged	incomprehension	indignation	slight	confusion	high	distress	bush	close	pulling	impossible	losing	sympathy	civilized	world	united	states	astonished	daily	mirror	wrote	confuse	justice	vengeance	lose	moral	advantage	european	commissioner	chris	patten	explained	newspapers	led	york	times	hinted	doubts	pentagon's	attitude	illegal	combatants	single	photograph	neat	tidy	men	dressed	gleaming	suits	modern	civilized	instruments	coercion	blinding	eyeglasses	masks	incapacitating	mouth	nose	earsplitting	ear	phones	photograph	soldier	officially	disseminated	united	states	navy	defense	department	internet	site	edifying	photograph	viewed	explanation	fact	deceiving	prisoners	reportedly	photographed	shortly	arrival	understands	correctly	shackled	blinded	trip	afghanistan	cuba	medical	supervision	heads	shaved	enjoying	hygienic	food	conditions	superior	afghanistan	imagine	rumsfield	ordinarily	jokes	rocker	hour	ranted	raved	hyperbole	exaggeration	marked	reactions	generated	photograph	reminded	world	degree	attitude	humane	legal	proper	legal	aspect	debate	prisoners	ground	considered	illegal	combatants	americans	prisoners	war	officials	men	identities	public	media	important	guantanamo	prisoners	reportedly	taliban	army's	chief	general	staff	theory	prisoner	war	par	excellence	washington	confusing	taliban	regime	destroyed	declaring	war	alqa'ida's	terrorist	network	solidity	argument	increasingly	demolished	red	cross	thinks	proof	legally	established	contrary	prisoners	considered	prisoners	war	washington	officials	refuse	school	thought	lead	refrain	interrogating	prisoners	release	hostilities	aware	fact	solid	legal	ground	rumsfield	stated	prisoners	treatment	consistent	geneva	conventions	case	judge	reasonable	problem	fact	alqa'ida	fighter	john	walker	lindh	shut	square	meter	cages	guantanamo	prison	normal	court	means	september	behaved	sort	natural	create	law	victims	terrorist	attacks	deeply	americans	good	president	bush	explained	world	realize	good	rightthis	prefershas	accepted	washington's	partners	distress	generated	photograph	published	inadvertently	excess	selfconfidence	consensus	process	eroding	europeans	longer	ready	follow	americans	thinking	deeper	diffuse	afghan	campaign	slightly	troubling	images	real	concrete	fighters	rags	haggard	survivors	weeks	bombing	members	special	forces	equipped	panopoly	soldiers	future	arresting	contrast	auxiliaries	northern	alliance	barefoot	wearing	sandals	snow	entrance	caves	responsible	cleaning	virtual	case	communication	monitored	marines	protected	surgical	masks	gloves	transporting	prisoners	chained	stretchers	planes	journalists	print	media	binoculars	based	intuition	images	doubts	matchup	means	admiration	mixed	fear	implacable	force	generates	missiles	airplanes	action	sort	provisional	epilogue	quasiorwellian	image	totally	dominated	men	deprived	senses	big	brother	democratically	elected	war	evil	perforce	bit	scary
69--------------
topic:	129	prisoners	detainees	war	guantanamo	base	taliban	cuba	afghanistan	geneva	washington
file label:guantanamo
washington	january	xinhua	defense	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	arrived	naval	base	guantanamo	cuba	firsthand	detention	camp	taliban	alqa'ida	members	rumsfeld's	itinerary	trip	camp	xray	guantanamo	included	tour	facilities	meetings	military	leaders	troops	keeping	watch	afghan	war	detainees	rumsfeld	asserted	repeatedly	detainees	good	treatment	refused	grant	war	prisoner	status	pows	unlawful	combatants	rumsfeld	told	reporters	naval	base	determined	pows	human	rights	groups	european	countries	including	britain	germany	france	upset	bush	administration's	refusal	classify	detainees	prisoners	war	give	protections	geneva	conventions
70--------------
topic:	62	prisoners	camp	treatment	war	rights	guantanamo	taliban	rumsfeld	meat	defense
file label:guantanamo
washington	man	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	calls	treatment	prisoners	captured	afghanistan	shut	base	guantanamo	bay	island	cuba	humane	concentration	camp	strongly	resembles	dog	pound	dog	treated	cells	shacks	cages	measuring	mt	mt	mt	high	corrugated	iron	roof	shade	walls	call	wire	fencing	prisoners	shelter	heat	degree	celsius	mark	winter	sharp	shooters	posted	turrets	patrols	tour	camp	alsatian	dogs	lose	sight	prisoners	attempt	catch	sleep	cm	thick	foam	rubber	mattresses	sanitary	bucket	reason	camp	stands	segregated	military	base	proper	called	camp	xray	visible	xray	accusations	ill	treatment	secretary	rumsfeld	completely	untrue	place	guantanamo	reasonable	humane	legal	proper	compatible	geneva	convention	prisoners	war	topic	incidentally	government	recognize	taliban	combatants	fell	hands	afghanistan	prisoners	war	federal	judge	agreed	examine	appeal	human	rights	associations	demanding	prisoners	granted	regular	trial	base	guantanamo	bay	chosen	reasons	chosen	foremost	territory	claim	laid	rights	constitution	guarantees	prisoners	including	foreigners	base	board	armed	forces	helicopter	impossible	escape	humanitarian	associations	organize	protest	rally	place	pig	meat	meat	prisoners	emerge	cages	shower	medical	short	daily	walk	move	chain	foot	watched	fully	marines	hair	beards	shaved	completely	reasons	hygiene	secretary	rumsfeld	stressed	pride	food	rations	compatible	tenets	muslim	faith	words	pig	meat	meat	animals	blood	fully	removed	actual	fact	witnesses	visited	camp	meat	diet	based	beans	rice	cabbage	bread	milk	eastern	side	camp	sign	arabic	bearing	legend	qibla	word	point	direction	mecca	muslim	obliged	turn	praying	privileges	mentioned	rumsfeld	secretary	defense	reassuringly	camp	offers	hot	showers	toilets	clean	clothing	blankets	regular	food	practice	faith	clothing	question	orange	training	suit	identical	prisoners	toilets	guards	improvements	reportedly	connection	sanitary	arrangements	january	prisoners	guantanamo	airlift	afghanistan	suspended	virtually	room	work	making	place	bigger	department	defense	spokesman	announced	part	rumsfeld	stressed	international	protests	factor	reaching	decision	war	war	united	states	european	allies	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	subscribes	government's	decisions	war	war	wrote	letter	french	daily	le	monde	safeguarding	human	rights	pentagon's	foremost	concern	europe	shoulder	task	york	times	washington	post	dithering	days	editorials	democracy	show	treats	terrorists	los	angeles	federal	judge	howard	maz	government	january	submit	memorandum	defense	charges	leveled	human	rights	associations	accusers	turn	february	respond	memorandum	judge	confessed	harboring	doubts	jurisdiction	affair	johnny	walker	citizen	fighting	taliban	afghanistan	compatriots	subjected	fate	prisoners	jail	close	washington	civil	court	charges	assisted	defense	team	saudi	arabian	media	quick	pick	difference	treatment	granted	constitution	appears	apply	arabs	concentration	camp	guantanamo	case	apply	black	people	held	jail	southern	united	states	years	book	beloved	won	pulitzer	prize	writer	tony	morrison	describes	conditions	worse	prevailing	camp	xray	people	maintained	treatment	overly
71--------------
topic:	86	president	war	administration	convention	detainees	guantanamo	bay	prisoners	bush	issue
file label:guantanamo
monday	january	national	security	council	convened	uncomfortable	meeting	main	issue	debated	early	week	unprecedented	split	emerged	administration	leaders	called	express	opinions	secretary	defense	donald	rumsfeld	vice	president	dick	cheney	john	ashcroft	general	prosecutor	chief	justice	department	cia	director	george	tenet	general	richard	myers	chairman	joint	chiefs	staff	president	george	bush	secretary	state	colin	powell	participated	business	issue	stake	apparently	simple	status	detainees	members	alqa'ida	taliban	fighters	captured	troops	afghanistan	months	transferred	detention	base	guantanamo	bay	eventually	president	bush	agreed	reconsider	decisions	announced	short	time	previously	words	admitted	wrong	time	opinion	polls	united	states	exception	favorable	january	president	bush	publicly	announced	decisions	owing	president's	firmness	announcing	unyielding	president	protaliban	fighters	brought	guantanamo	bay	defined	courts	prisoners	war	united	states	duty	grant	prisonerofwar	rights	geneva	convention	regulates	status	category	detained	combatants	actual	situation	discussing	issue	privileges	ensured	convention	act	detained	combatant	forced	reveal	interrogator	rank	military	serial	number	birth	date	important	detail	case	convention	forces	country	holds	prisoners	war	release	immediately	conflict	likelihood	president	bush	statement	january	consultation	observers	ashcroft	strongly	supported	cheney	decision	simplified	allowed	judiciary	conduct	investigation	detainees	sees	fit	united	states	wanted	identity	citizenship	call	terrorists	killers	bush's	languages	nuances	prisoners	conventional	war	published	reasons	easy	understand	information	circulated	main	newspapers	detainees	citizens	countries	including	england	france	australia	yemen	algeria	sweden	saudi	arabia	saudi	citizens	figure	americans	exaggerated	saudi	interior	minister	prince	saud	nayif	country	repatriated	home	surprise	administration	media	statement	powell	world	tours	powell	suggested	president	accept	validity	geneva	convention	protaliban	detainees	assertions	obvious	concern	western	european	leaders	allies	important	european	governmental	nongovernmental	institutions	treatment	detainees	subjected	publication	images	guantanamo	bay	camp	interpreted	ways	played	key	role	position	criticism	unexpectedly	tough	kenneth	roth	executive	director	human	rights	watch	government	choose	wage	war	afghanistan	guns	bombs	soldiers	assert	laws	war	apply	powell	agrees	refusal	grant	prisonerofwar	status	captives	refusal	cover	captives	geneva	convention	set	precedent	affect	fate	soldiers	risky	areas	planet	phase	rest	administration	baffled	powell's	opinion	shortly	afterward	rumsfeld	sided	supporting	proposal	front	president	interpretations	individual	question	refused	comment	condoleezza	rice	president's	national	security	adviser	played	important	role	supporting	powell's	opinion	dispute	opinions	administration	lesson	applied	democracy	eventually	making	sum	proposals	offered	main	advisers	president	bush	admitted	monday	national	security	council	meeting	captives	guantanamo	bay	covered	spirit	geneva	convention	special	status	fact	continue	designated	terrorists	prisoners	war	repatriation	consideration	long	war	terrorism	fact	president	reconsidered	statement	january	led	diverse	reactions	irony	including	sober	york	times	wrote	tuesday	issue	monday	speech	president	called	protaliban	fighters	prisoners	stopped	word	detainees	sight	terminology	issue	concern	details	coldblood	accomplices	murder	alqa'ida	disciples	guantanamo	bay	administration	proves	capable	admitting	infallible	equivalent	respect	democracy	detail	remember	harassed	journalists	commentators	leader	thought	finding	monkeys	statement	romanian	prime	minister	adrian	media	workers	scapegoats	weirdoes	hundreds	websites	call	administration	stop	supporting	jews	exterminate	arabs
72--------------
topic:	50	report	government	people	states	dr	shivute	security	world	namibia	human
file label:guantanamo
government	terrorist	attack	york	city	act	war	refuses	treat	captured	war	prisoners	war	refers	unlawful	combatants	entitled	protection	geneva	convention	signed	sets	rules	treating	enemy	soldiers	shackles	houses	unprotected	chain	link	compounds	cuba	places	threatens	intense	interrogation	convenient	washington	sets	dangerous	precedent	soldiers	face	capture	socalled	war	terrorism	including	canada's	perverse	rules	warfare	world	perverse	place	late	century	nations	call	civilized	adhered	rules	geneva	convention	specifies	belligerents	captured	war	regular	soldiers	militia	members	volunteers	operating	territory	territory	occupied	accorded	prisoner	war	status	convention	exempts	spies	saboteurs	identify	belligerents	meant	apply	taliban	al	qa'ida	fighters	captured	vicious	battles	afghanistan	fighters	secret	supporting	thought	enemies	dealt	properly	leeway	geneva	convention	prisoners	war	treated	humanely	captors	forbidden	inflicting	outrages	personal	dignity	inhumane	degrading	treatment	prisoners	war	required	give	captors	information	rank	serial	number	convention	quartered	conditions	favourable	forces	detaining	power	billeted	area	precise	prisoners	war	treated	jailed	guantanamo	bay	naval	base	cuba	detainees	brought	shackled	shaved	blindfolded	cuba	chain	link	pens	constant	glare	night	day	halogen	lamps	blindfolding	deliberate	disorientation	discomfort	constant	light	staples	police	states	world	idea	break	inmate	weaken	lack	sleep	pliable	interrogators	work	washington	brazen	flouting	international	law	secure	knowledge	citizens	allies	complain	americans	canadians	connected	sept	terror	attacks	deserves	couple	problems	understandable	kneejerk	response	assumes	selected	guantanamo	connected	sept	attacks	world	idea	line	geneva	convention	holding	broadest	brooms	sweep	detainees	cuba	american	intelligence	agencies	doubly	embarrassed	failure	foresee	sept	attack	inability	locate	usama	bin	ladin	picky	subject	intense	interrogation	fundamental	problem	logic	war	terrorism	war	including	attacks	york	monstrous	criminal	outrage	act	war	president	george	bush	determined	treating	sept	war	bush	call	play	selfdefence	mandated	united	nations	sept	act	war	weird	monstrous	york	city	pentagon	legitimate	wartime	targets	economic	military	waging	war	targeted	manhattan	hope	damaging	american	economy	world	trade	center	attack	sept	act	war	captured	aftermath	treated	prisoners	war	considered	legitimate	selfdefence	allies	invade	afghanistan	considered	equally	legitimate	afghans	allies	resist	invasion	abstract	questions	countries	sign	geneva	convention	altruistic	ensure	soldiers	treated	captured	assumption	hope	instance	terrible	equation	hold
73--------------
topic:	7	united	states	rights	human	washington	international	official	china	government	authorities
file label:guantanamo
sarajevo	jan	onasa	decision	extradition	algerians	united	states	accordance	responsibility	authorities	bih	federation	bodies	international	obligations	coordination	team	antiterrorism	statement	friday	neglect	fact	bih	member	united	nations	obliged	strictly	respect	resolution	dated	september	year	obliges	members	cooperate	plan	exchange	information	cooperation	prevention	terrorist	activities	read	statement	team	bosnian	authorities	handed	custody	algerians	detained	october	suspicion	involvement	terrorism	ordered	released	week	local	court	embassy	friday	washington	senior	official	told	reuters	military	planned	quickly	move	american	navy	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	alqa'ida	taliban	detainees	war	afghanistan	held	plan	move	guantanamo	bay	official	earlier	embassy	sarajevo	statement	algerian	nationals	detained	bih	bosnia	herzegovina	authorities	midoctober	transferred	custody	custody	individuals	due	concern	activity	bih	posed	credible	security	threat	personnel	facilities	demonstrated	involvement	international	terrorism	washington	insisted	acted	credible	evidence	transfer	exposed	criticism	campaigners	accused	disregarding	human	rights	declared	war	terror	accused	links	alqa'ida	network	fugitive	usama	bin	ladin	bosnian	government	official	legal	procedures	respected	case	senior	human	rights	officer	bosnia	trampled	court	ordered	release	thursday	state's	top	human	rights	body	instructed	authorities	prevent	country	force	disappointing	madeleine	rees	head	bosnia	office	united	nations	high	commissioner	human	rights	operation	violates	rule	law	washington	fire	human	rights	groups	treatment	prisoners	captured	afghanistan	held	guantanamo	bay	united	states	captives	status	prisoners	war	grant	rights	geneva	convention	supreme	court	bosnia's	muslimcroat	federation	ruled	thursday	reason	detain	algerians	yemeni	passport	possibly	obtained	fraudulently	international	officials	local	police	arrested	october	acting	tip	threats	closed	british	embassies	days	international	officials	officials	provide	bosnia's	justice	system	intelligence	information	prompted	detention	held	bosnian	citizenship	stripped	arrest	men	appealed	decision	rees	deported	process	complete	bosnian	government	official	insisted	appeal	rejected	legal	procedures	government	aware	ruling	bosnia's	human	rights	chamber	measures	stop	suspects	country	legal	procedure	case	fully	respected	jusif	halilagic	deputy	minister	represents	government	chamber	protesters	gathered	sarajevo's	central	prison	thursday	night	block	vehicles	suspects	hand	forces	soldiers	form	substantial	part	bosnia's	natoled	peacekeeping	force	embassy	suspects	treated	humanely	accordance	international	law
74--------------
topic:	198	prisoners	british	photographs	united	detainees	states	sunday	humanely	war	bay
file label:guantanamo
filing	time	uk	media	monitored	fbis	observed	report	statement	uk	foreign	secretary	straw	cited	london	jan	afp	britain	sunday	alqa'ida	suspects	held	base	cuba	treated	humanely	release	photographs	showing	prisoners	kneeling	manacled	blindfolded	wearing	ear	muffs	british	government's	position	prisoners	technical	status	treated	humanely	accordance	customary	international	law	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	statement	clear	americans	share	view	britain	seeking	information	united	states	circumstances	photographs	detainees	appeared	front	pages	british	newspapers	sunday	prisoners	brought	camp	xray	guantanamo	bay	captured	usled	military	campaign	afghanistan	include	britons	pictures	navy	officer	released	media	show	group	prisoners	suspected	members	usama	bin	ladin's	alqa'ida	network	kneeling	orange	jump	suits	mancled	waist	wearing	dark	goggles	blot	light	ear	muffs	sound	mittens	rightwing	mail	sunday	expected	support	united	states	war	terrorism	ran	photographs	headline	tortured	prisoners	hear	smell	feel	middlemarket	tabloid	manacled	hand	foot	kneel	submission	president	george	bush	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	defend	civilisation	pictures	detainees	shackled	wild	animals	shocking	intensify	international	outrage	conditions	mail	sunday	straw	pointed	united	states	accepted	visits	guantanamo	bay	team	international	committee	red	cross	british	officials	await	british	officials	report	photographs	detainees	published	today	asked	officials	guantanamo	bay	establish	circumstances	photographs	united	states	detainees	illegal	combatants	prisoners	war	rights	geneva	convention	sets	laws	war	london	previously	insisted	supports	reassurances	men	treated	humanely
75--------------
topic:	92	prisoners	icrc	detainees	christen	number	geneva	afghanistan	courts	base	friday
file label:guantanamo
geneva	jan	afp	report	delegates	international	committee	red	cross	icrc	visiting	prisoners	afghanistan	held	base	cuba	remain	confidential	icrc	spokesman	friday	darcy	christen	prisoners	transferred	navy	base	guantanamo	bay	cuba	british	citizens	possibly	french	speakers	genevabased	icrc	number	nationality	comment	thursday	french	nationals	icrc	envoys	discussing	officials	release	number	detainees	nationalities	christen	findings	visit	friday	expected	week	presented	authorities	christen	told	reporters	confidentiality	respected	case	long	confidentiality	results	humanitarian	sphere	adding	series	visits	fourmember	team	includes	doctor	inspect	conditions	treatment	increasing	number	taliban	alqa'ida	prisoners	arriving	base	afghanistan	icrc	plans	follow	prisoners	transferred	gain	access	arrivals	coming	days	important	repeat	visits	number	detainees	held	isolated	military	outpost	cuba's	southwestern	coast	rose	thursday	arrival	prisoners	afghanistan	caused	controversy	stating	detainees	unlawful	combatants	rights	geneva	convention	icrc	considers	prisoners	war	protected	geneva	convention	christen	detainees	battle	field	exist	category	humanitarian	law	adding	international	armed	conflict	captured	battlefield	presumed	prisoner	war	doubt	exists	status	person	doubt	decided	tribunal	acting	basis	judicial	guarantees	added	asked	special	courts	set	bush	administration	alqaeda	detainees	christen	pointed	courts	operating	procedures	unknown	special	courts	avoid	expeditious	justice
76--------------
topic:	90	british	detainees	prisoners	held	london	camp	war	conditions	rights	called
file label:guantanamo
london	jan	afp	british	officials	arrived	guantanamo	bay	cuba	assessing	conditions	british	prisoners	suspected	alqa'ida	fighters	held	foreign	office	friday	foreign	office	spokesman	confirm	team	british	officials	process	visiting	detainees	guantanamo	bay	arrived	overnight	task	set	identifying	claim	british	citizens	reporting	welfare	claim	british	citizens	assisting	authorities	legal	inquiries	terrorist	atrocities	united	states	earlier	week	british	diplomats	access	britons	held	detainees	cramped	spartan	conditions	caused	criticism	human	rights	groups	world	london	insists	supports	reassurances	men	treated	humanely	criticism	diplomats	long	men	prisoners	held	temporary	outdoor	detention	facility	called	camp	xray	separate	cell	concrete	floor	wooden	roof	chainlink	walls	mat	sleep	towels	prayer	rug	fourmember	international	red	cross	team	flew	navy	base	cuban	soil	thursday	due	interviewing	detainees	friday	spokesman	prime	minister	tony	blair	refused	british	officials	travelled	camp
77--------------
topic:	90	british	detainees	prisoners	held	london	camp	war	conditions	rights	called
file label:guantanamo
london	jan	afp	british	members	parliament	saturday	called	meeting	ambassador	urged	government	clear	statement	response	growing	concerns	treatment	alqa'ida	suspects	including	britons	held	detention	centre	cuba	crossparty	parliamentary	human	rights	committee	lobbying	meeting	ambassador	london	william	farish	fears	detainees	held	camp	xray	guantanamo	bay	inhumane	conditions	makeshift	outdoor	facility	houses	single	cells	concrete	floor	wooden	roof	chainlink	walls	united	states	detainees	illegal	combatants	prisoners	war	rights	geneva	convention	sets	laws	war	london	insists	supports	reassurances	men	treated	humanely	ann	clwyd	chairperson	committee	member	ruling	labour	party	playing	words	suggest	detainees	prisoners	war	clwyd	purpose	meeting	farish	voice	concern	treatment	people	prisoner	afghanistan	held	cuba	acceptance	prisoners	war	added	substantial	concern	labour	members	called	government	statement	situation	time	clear	statement	position	prisoners	british	role	fought	war	shoulder	shoulder	frozen	aftermath	time	firmer	americans	insisted	human	rights	signed	government	team	officials	camp	assess	conditions	british	prisoners	newspaper	reports	saturday	intelligence	agents	interrogate	detainees	foreign	office	refused	comment
78--------------
topic:	154	prisoners	soldiers	treatment	time	club	guarding	sleep	fed	lot	terrorists
file label:guantanamo
spain	believes	camp	xray	prisoners	treated	humanely	text	report	spanish	news	agency	efe	madrid	march	government	current	holder	rotating	eu	presidency	thinks	representations	usa	situation	taliban	prisoners	held	guantanamo	base	holds	treatment	receiving	humane	reasonable	government	parliamentary	answers	requested	iu	bng	nationalist	icv	efe	access	describe	treatment	applied	prisoners	inhumane	justified	widely	circulated	commented	photographs	prisoners	guantanamo	reflect	humane	reasonable	treatment	government	convinced	bush	administration	guarantee	fundamental	rights	prisoner	clear	reason	usa	expressed	readiness	guarantee	rights	assurances	treatment	prisoners	reply	recalls	outset	eu	passed	confidentially	worries	treatment	prisoners	receiving	explains	british	government	international	committee	red	cross	recognized	treatment	line	international	humanitarian	norms
79--------------
topic:	34	zimbabwe	commonwealth	howard	africa	mugabe	african	suspended	south	suspension	nigeria
file label:guantanamo
spanish	daily	warns	usa	treatment	suspects	alienate	allies	text	unsigned	editorial	prisoners	guantanamo	spanish	newspaper	el	pais	web	site	usa's	credibility	tarnished	prisoners	captured	afghanistan	transferred	guantanamo	naval	base	holds	cuba	face	military	courts	guarantee	whatsoever	fair	trial	bush	administration	stubborn	persist	attitude	rift	european	public	opinion	showed	solidarity	generosity	terrorist	attacks	september	alienate	large	part	allies	militarily	speaking	washington	conducting	campaign	virtual	isolation	emergency	legislation	carried	wake	september	means	usa	detainees	afghanistan	prisoners	war	treated	geneva	convention	protocol	sign	unlawful	combatants	people	arrested	battlefield	administration	territory	secret	military	courts	condemned	death	assurance	guilty	reasonable	doubt	courtmartial	usual	procedure	guaranteed	sturdier	legal	defence	association	legal	professionals	opinion	military	tribunals	pass	sentence	crimes	derived	violations	war	clear	contradiction	situation	fact	response	terrorist	action	washington	war	afghanistan	officially	declared	war	country	geneva	convention	rules	prisoners	freed	repatriated	hostilities	ended	detainees	guantanamo	british	nationals	australian	saudis	australia	prefer	civil	trial	international	tribunal	idea	worked	contrast	fate	held	cuban	base	john	walker	convert	taleban	held	afghanistan	full	protection	law	civil	court	usa	moment	stands	accused	crimes	carry	death	penalty	put	jail	life	opportunities	protection	law	token	suspected	members	alqa'idah	held	europe	numbers	risen	days	civil	courts	including	spain	team	international	red	cross	interviewing	taleban	alqa'idah	members	held	prisoner	guantanamo	treatment	receiving	situation	defence	secretary	donald	rumsfeld	interest	humanitarian	organizations	geneva	convention	applied	prisoners	states	treated	humanely	subject	rights	place	baptized	camp	xray	allusion	building	covered	sheds	barbed	wire	place	walls	house	moment	offer	world's	television	channels	cnn	qatar's	aljazeera	full	access	guaranteeing	justice	perceive	promoters	terrorism	question	principles	impedes	comparisons	regime	side	fence	base	fidel	castro	spoken	guantanamo
80--------------
topic:	105	space	russian	station	agency	international	interfax	nasa	told	thursday	moscow
file label:guantanamo
spanish	daily	urges	usa	inhumane	treatment	alqa'idah	suspects	text	unsigned	editorial	guantanamo	prison	law	spanish	newspaper	el	mundo	web	site	amnesty	international	pointedly	remarked	photographs	detainees	guantanamo	army	unashamedly	fit	release	reminiscent	torture	centres	eastern	europe	cold	war	holding	detainees	handcuffs	shackles	acceptable	democracy	depriving	senses	putting	blindfolds	eyes	surgical	masks	mouths	noses	gloves	hands	disorientate	subject	sensory	deprivation	official	explanations	plane	masks	fear	spreading	tuberculosis	dangerous	ring	true	discredit	usa	confirm	prevalent	assumption	allied	countries	superpower	decided	wage	war	administer	justice	proof	refusal	treat	detainees	guantanamo	hundreds	held	afghanistan	prisoners	war	amnesty	international	red	cross	selfrespecting	democrat	prisoners	war	treated	geneva	convention	event	disagreement	case	usa	insisting	issue	concerns	terrorists	belong	state	rights	prisoners	final	decision	left	hands	tribunal	impartial	independent	article	geneva	convention	states	pictures	human	rights	watch	metre	cages	prisoners	held	scandalous	fact	photographs	distributed	press	voluntarily	authorities	suggest	aware	worse	care	terrorists	murderers	usa	treat	pleases	defence	secretary	donald	rumsfeld's	reply	critics	fortunately	bush	administration	opinion	efforts	pressure	allied	governments	notably	british	government	commandant	guantanamo	allowed	red	cross	base	freedom	interview	detainees	step	direction	start	sooner	inhumane	treatment	detainees	put
81--------------
topic:	7	united	states	rights	human	washington	international	official	china	government	authorities
file label:humanrights
china	criticizes	human	rights	report	beijing	china	issued	annual	report	human	rights	united	states	monday	accusing	washington	turning	blind	eye	abuses	land	criticizing	countries	report	information	office	state	council	china's	cabinet	listed	evidence	police	abuses	poverty	racial	discrimination	lack	personal	safety	united	states	official	xinhua	news	agency	accused	washington	wantonly	infringing	sovereignty	nations	military	operations	stationing	forces	overseas	xinhua	report	slammed	president	george	bush's	administration	withdrawing	kyoto	protocol	cutting	greenhouse	gases	china	releases	report	year	response	state	department	report	global	human	rights	conditions	accuses	china	widespread	abuses	report	week	united	states	assuming	role	judge	human	rights	distorted	human	rights	conditions	countries	regions	world	including	china	accused	human	rights	violations	turning	blind	eye	human	rightsrelated	problems	chinese	report	copyright	manila	times
82--------------
topic:	174	human	rights	pakistan	report	government	states	spokesman	child	initiatives	children
file label:humanrights
human	rights	report	termed	inaccurate	islamabad	march	government	tuesday	rejected	state	department	report	human	rights	factually	inaccurate	unwarranted	adding	reflected	tendency	states	sit	judgment	reports	fails	acknowledge	important	policy	measures	initiatives	government	pakistan	promote	protect	human	rights	statement	issued	foreign	office	spokesman	report	termed	factually	inaccurate	unwarranted	pointed	goals	set	april	human	rights	conference	achieved	added	report	enlisting	initiatives	recalled	include	promulgation	juvenile	justice	system	ordinance	establishment	permanent	commission	status	women	police	jail	reforms	national	policy	plan	action	elimination	child	labour	establishment	fund	rehabilitation	working	children	government	added	amended	pakistan	citizenship	act	enable	women	pakistani	descent	claim	pakistani	nationality	children	born	foreign	husbands	mass	awareness	campaign	launched	part	observance	year	year	human	rights	human	dignity	added	addition	pakistan	ratified	ilo	conventions	equal	remuneration	elimination	worst	forms	child	labour	signed	optional	protocols	convention	rights	child	system	joint	electorates	introduced	respecting	wishes	minority	communities	developments	report	states	government's	human	rights	record	remained	poor	unacceptable	gross	misstatement	facts	government	pakistan	feels	constrained	reject	assessment	report	pakistan	tendency	states	sit	judgment	human	rights	served	states	spirit	cooperation	understanding	address	problems	face	promoting	protecting	human	rights	dawn	group	newspapers
83--------------
topic:	161	rights	human	craner	saudi	arabia	country	world	countries	talking	report
file label:humanrights
human	rights	report	invites	scorn	author	chidanand	rajghatta	times	news	network	tuesday	march	pm	washington	unprecedented	scepticism	scorn	accompanied	release	united	states	monday	annual	human	rights	report	charges	hypocrisy	double	standards	arising	ongoing	war	terrorism	washington's	kid	glove	treatment	socalled	allies	saudi	arabia	pakistan	withering	scrutiny	briefing	release	country	reports	human	rights	practices	annual	administrative	exercise	mandated	congress	feel	increasingly	meaningless	ritual	widespread	domestic	criticism	curtailment	civil	liberties	officials	laboured	convince	disbelieving	press	corps	exercise	evenhanded	report	state	human	rights	words	official	fair	individual	country	reports	compendium	alleged	human	rights	violations	culled	sources	local	media	report	india	instance	pages	long	painstakingly	lists	incidents	rights	violation	country	government	terrorist	militant	subversive	groups	human	rights	report	exercise	originally	linked	foreign	assistance	increasingly	countries	face	washington	glossing	record	socalled	allies	secular	democratic	countries	india	merit	litany	country	saudi	arabia	free	countries	world	turned	pages	shown	inclination	punish	allies	bankrolls	egypt	turkey	berating	countries	relevant	critics	media	sharply	questioned	duplicity	monday's	briefing	lorne	cramer	assistant	secretary	democracy	human	rights	labour	struggled	defend	american	policy	excerpts	briefing	question	give	couple	examples	saudi	arabia	uzbekistan	egypt	assistant	secretary	craner	throw	examples	uzbekistan	undertaking	programme	variety	civil	society	groups	country	formulate	future	plans	kyrgyzstan	talk	press	kyrgyzstan	fund	independent	printing	press	examples	coming	office	saudi	arabia	craner	lorne	follow	saudi	arabia	bit	surprised	glib	answer	demise	taliban	arguably	government	world	bad	human	rights	record	saudi	arabia	united	states	actively	promote	democracy	human	rights	saudi	arabia	craner	number	disagree	worst	violator	worst	violator	craner	place	iraq	north	korea	libya	couple	countries	category	answer	question	saudi	arabia	promote	greater	voice	greater	democratic	participation	craner	talking	saudi	government	encourage	muslim	world	arab	world	societies	democratic	levels	talking	visible	world	craner	paragraph	couple	paragraphs	president's	state	union	address	heard	specifically	country	craner	united	states	craner	outlined	talking	levels	issues	country	talking	lot	people	arab	muslim	world	issues	countries	serve	examples	robin's	question	saudi	arabia	point	kind	tangible	talking	government	saudi	arabia	talking	starting	programs	simply	mentioning	human	rights	problem	craner	talk	tangible	advances	countries	point	pakistan's	decision	eliminate	requirement	religious	minorities	elected	separately	mainstream	electoral	system	talked	saudis	craner	elections	inaudible	previous	administrations	saudi	arabia	talking	years	saudis	craner	administrations	told	talked	saudis	human	rights	democracy	issues	participation	women's	rights	craner	yeah	understand	administrations	talked	issues	hope	gong	effect	administration	answer	question	craner	administration	previous	administrations	craner	judge	outcome	differently	give	indication	big	secret	talk	tangibly	country	saudi	arabia	craner	effect	saudi	arabia	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
84--------------
topic:	174	human	rights	pakistan	report	government	states	spokesman	child	initiatives	children
file label:humanrights
pakistan	rejects	human	rights	report	islamabad	pakistan	tuesday	slated	state	department's	country	report	human	rights	situation	pakistan	labelled	factually	inaccurate	unwarranted	report	fails	acknowledge	important	policy	measures	initiatives	government	pakistan	promote	protect	human	rights	foreign	office	spokesman	spokesman	report	implementation	initiatives	announced	set	april	human	rights	conference	initiatives	included	promulgation	juvenile	justice	system	ordinance	establishment	permanent	commission	status	women	police	jail	reforms	national	policy	plan	action	elimination	child	labour	establishment	fund	rehabilitation	working	children	spokesman	government	amended	pakistan	citizenship	act	enable	women	pakistani	descent	claim	pakistani	nationality	children	born	foreign	husbands	mass	awareness	campaign	launched	part	observance	year	year	human	rights	human	dignity	pakistan	ratified	ilo	conventions	equal	remuneration	elimination	worst	forms	child	labour	signed	optional	protocols	convention	rights	child	system	joint	electorates	introduced	respecting	wishes	minority	communities	spokesman	spokesman	developments	report	states	govt's	human	rights	record	remained	poor	unacceptable	gross	misstatement	facts	spokesman	government	pakistan	feels	constrained	reject	assessment	report	pakistan	tendency	states	sit	judgement	human	rights	served	states	spirit	cooperation	understanding	address	problems	face	promoting	protecting	human	rights	government	pakistan	remains	committed	promoting	protecting	human	rights	assistance	friendly	countries
85--------------
topic:	59	source	united	monterrey	argentine	report	countries	lebanon	argentina	crisis	international
file label:humanrights
officials	bristle	human	rights	report	response	prepared	khalil	fleihan	daily	star	correspondent	local	authorities	expressed	dissatisfaction	surprise	regard	excerpts	lebanon	state	department's	annual	report	human	rights	copy	delivered	foreign	ministry	official	source	reaction	tuesday	criticism	annual	event	emphasized	directed	human	rights	lebanon	covered	countries	copy	report	criticizes	weakening	central	government's	prerogatives	handed	deputy	chief	mission	embassy	awkar	carol	kalin	foreign	ministry's	acting	directorgeneral	naji	abi	assi	source	ministry	deliver	copies	report	ministries	concerned	interior	municipalities	ministry	prior	relaying	observations	state	department	washington	report	discrediting	lebanon	portraying	country	undemocratic	uncivilized	abusing	human	rights	source	added	source	authorities	dissatisfaction	contents	report	conveyed	ambassador	vincent	battle	returned	washington	saturday	participating	conference	american	envoys	posted	arab	countries	year	lebanon	sends	explanation	state	department	factors	government's	control	source	point	report	observation	judiciary	subjected	political	pressure	referring	independent	principle	report's	reference	intelligence	agents	monitoring	activities	opposition	politicians	tapping	phones	government	leaders	matter	harms	lebanon's	image	democratic	country	source	added	hand	report	praised	role	played	lebanese	press	describing	daily	criticism	government	practices	feedback	important	invite	readers	share	views	comments	article	type	comment	press	submit	fill	email	address	case	touch	editor	decide	publish	comment	letter	editor	personal	information	confidential	disclosed	email	address	tel	fax	contact	matter	ds	daily	star	rights	reserved
86--------------
topic:	77	russian	ministry	chechnya	international	rights	human	russia	officials	states	united
file label:humanrights
ministry	criticizes	odious	report	foreign	ministry	thursday	surprised	put	mildly	state	department's	criticism	russia's	human	rights	record	objected	odious	section	chechnya	impression	writers	simply	drafts	happened	russia	united	states	years	events	sept	occurred	international	community	closed	ranks	battle	terrorism	ministry	statement	state	department's	annual	human	rights	report	published	monday	russia	poor	record	independence	freedom	media	chechnya	russian	security	forces	chechnya	demonstrated	respect	basic	human	rights	credible	reports	violations	including	numerous	reports	extrajudicial	killings	government	chechen	fighters	report	russian	officials	president	vladimir	putin	portrayed	conflict	chechnya	war	international	terrorists	officials	partially	endorsed	view	pointing	rebel	leaders	shamil	basayev	jordanianborn	omar	ibn	al	khattab	believed	financial	ties	osama	bin	laden's	alqaida	terrorist	network	officials	note	rebels	international	ties	criticized	russian	military	police	abuse	civilians	criticism	toned	greatly	russia	enthusiastic	member	antiterrorist	coalition	sharing	intelligence	information	opening	airspace	humanitarian	flights	giving	green	light	military	deployment	central	asia	foreign	ministry	state	department	pronouncement	chechnya	reflected	efforts	circles	united	states	object	usrussian	partnership	international	terrorism	circles	persistently	reanimate	chechen	problem	turn	irritant	russianamerican	dialogue	ministry	ministry	suggested	judging	rights	records	united	states	investigate	situation	home	including	government's	failure	ratify	international	human	rights	agreements	death	penalty	russia	introduced	moratorium	capital	punishment	prerequisite	joining	council	europe
87--------------
topic:	186	rights	american	human	cooperation	environment	suspects	military	terrorist	america	courts
file label:humanrights
september	events	america	country's	administration	severely	restricted	civil	rights	american	people	foreigners	residing	country	passing	antiterrorism	law	issuing	presidential	directives	sending	secret	memoranda	judiciary	pretext	fighting	terrorism	measure	directive	issued	november	creation	military	courts	immigrants	foreigners	suspected	involvement	terrorist	activities	drawn	chorus	condemnation	democrats	congress	foreign	governments	civil	activists	country	directive	considered	american	lawyers	contravention	country's	constitution	judicial	investigations	cases	defendants	military	courts	conducted	possibility	bail	allowed	appeal	american	international	courts	suspects	chiefly	islamic	middle	eastern	states	held	detention	divested	basis	rights	voices	heard	decision	bush	create	military	court	trial	terrorist	suspects	prompted	european	states	spain	refuse	hand	america	individuals	suspected	belonging	terrorist	groups	fear	suspects	receive	fair	trial	america	america	accuses	countries	violating	human	rights	today	placing	terrorist	suspects	innocent	solitary	confinement	access	means	mass	communication	depriving	basic	human	rights	contravention	constitution	pretext	fighting	terrorism	violates	human	rights	rights	global	november	directive	bush	effect	drawn	clear	line	rights	american	citizens	foreign	immigrants	blatant	case	discrimination	rights	practised	world	worth	mentioning	america	severely	criticized	put	pressure	governments	world	terrorist	suspects	military	courts	american	state	department	condemned	government	peru	creation	secret	military	court	called	country	accept	international	regulations	open	fair	trials	observance	defendants	basic	rights	action	american	president	demonstrates	american	administration	observe	human	rights	places	country	claims	forerunner	sphere	human	rights	world	rank	countries	restrict	civil	rights	pretext	security	considerations	appears	directive	issued	bush	law	country's	reentry	human	rights	commission	expelled	year	difficult
88--------------
topic:	127	rights	human	terrorism	international	national	statement	policies	countries	return	security
file label:humanrights
strasbourg	nov	afp	leading	international	organisations	warned	jointly	thursday	international	fight	terrorism	pretext	violation	human	rights	council	europe	organization	security	cooperation	europe	osce	high	commissioner	human	rights	responding	worrying	developments	countries	human	rights	september	attacks	recognize	threat	terrorism	requires	specific	measures	call	governments	refrain	excessive	steps	violate	fundamental	freedoms	undermine	legitimate	dissent	joint	statement	issued	strasbourg	geneva	warsaw	high	commissioner	human	rights	mary	robinson	walter	schwimmer	secretary	general	council	europe	ambassador	gerard	stoudmann	osce's	office	democratic	institutions	human	rights	essential	states	strictly	adhere	international	obligations	uphold	human	rights	fundamental	freedoms	fight	terrorism	robinson	critical	voice	guarding	human	rights	abuses	wake	september	attacks	wednesday	war	terrorism	heavy	toll	civil	liberties	statement	days	british	house	commons	passed	emergency	legislation	allowing	detention	terrorist	suspects	trial	killing	hundreds	taliban	inmates	prison	uprising	mazarisharif	northern	afghanistan	earlier	week	killings	prompted	call	londonbased	rights	group	amnesty	international	inquiry	affair	groups	essential	governments	strike	balance	legitimate	national	security	concerns	fundamental	freedoms	fully	consistent	international	law	commitments	statement	listed	essential	rights	hollowed	fight	terrorism	life	freedom	expression	religion	freedom	torture	urged	retroactive	imposition	severe	penalties	crimes	avoided	united	states	earlier	week	hinted	expand	war	terrorism	afghanistan	iraq	bringing	swift	criticism	germany	france	called	restraint	future	military	campaign
89--------------
topic:	179	north	korea	iran	president	bush's	iraq	weapons	evil	report	seoul
file label:humanrights
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	seoul	march	yonhap	state	department	tuesday	kst	rated	human	rights	situation	north	korea	poor	annual	human	rights	report	casting	dark	clouds	tense	relationship	pyongyang	washington	north	korea	strongly	denounced	comments	president	george	bush	seoul	visit	month	accusing	north	korean	leadership	starving	people	developing	weapons	mass	destruction	department's	human	rights	report	united	states	term	axis	evil	appeared	president	bush's	state	union	address	late	january	report	comprehensively	blamed	north	korean	authorities	committing	wrongdoings	terms	human	rights	issue	lack	religious	freedom	communist	country	report	stated	north	korean	residents	power	peacefully	replace	government	cited	reports	executions	citizens	north	report	designated	north	korea	myanmar	china	iran	iraq	sudan	countries	special	concern	connection	religious	oppression	unfavorable	report	north	korea	produce	negative	effect	pyongyangwashington	relations	time	north	korea	expected	call	administration's	report	groundless	plot	intervention	domestic	affairs	report	feared	encourage	north	korea's	resistance	united	states	triggered	bush's	seoul	visit	government	source	tuesday	experts	regard	future	pyongyangwashington	relations	pessimism	year's	human	rights	report	north	korea	severe	previous	years
90--------------
topic:	21	prisoners	military	officials	today	american	government	forces	pentagon	qaeda	al
file label:humanrights
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	washington	march	yonhap	state	department	published	annual	human	rights	country	report	monday	reconfirming	poor	human	rights	conditions	north	korea	country	reports	human	rights	practices	submitted	congress	north	korea's	human	rights	record	remained	poor	continued	commit	numerous	abuses	estimated	hundreds	thousands	million	people	died	starvation	related	diseases	human	rights	abuses	north	included	extrajudicial	executions	disappearances	citizens	detained	arbitrarily	held	political	prisoners	prison	conditions	harsh	constitutional	provisions	independent	judiciary	fair	trials	implemented	practice	report	hand	report	south	korea	generally	respecting	human	rights	citizens	problems	remain	areas	report	pointed	remaining	problems	south	korea	police's	physical	verbal	abuses	detainees	times	national	security	law	nsl's	infringement	free	expression	civil	liberties	problems	cited	report	include	domestic	violence	rape	child	abuse	legal	societal	discrimination	women	ethnic	minorities	trafficking	persons	problem	south	korea	cited	report	major	transit	point	alien	smugglers	including	traffickers	primarily	asian	women	children	sex	trade	domestic	servitude	report	noted	government	steps	improve	human	rights	record	noted	president	kim	daejung	stated	repeatedly	promoting	rights	women	priority	goal	connection	freedom	speech	press	report	seoul	government	abandoned	direct	control	news	media	continues	exercise	indirect	influence	government	officials	vigorously	lobby	reporters	editors	cited	controversial	massive	tax	probes	media	firms	critics	accused	attempt	curb	media	criticism	government	government	maintained	tax	audit	legitimate	activity	long	overdue	report	called	afghanistan	triumph	human	rights	usled	war	terrorism	afghan	citizens	released	brutal	oppressive	rule	taliban	afghan	women	suffered	violence	repression	beginning	resume	roles	society	report	noted	improvement	human	rights	records	countries	bahrain	peru	qatar	oman
91--------------
topic:	60	rights	human	report	countries	world	state	american	department	people	annual
file label:humanrights
american	department	state	annual	report	human	rights	accused	number	countries	including	iran	human	rights	violations	place	time	government	bush	identified	top	violator	human	rights	christian	year	restrictions	imposed	american	citizens	excuse	fighting	terrorism	bush	administration	denied	citizens	legitimate	rights	set	military	courts	people	charged	terrorism	giving	accused	appeal	basic	appoint	lawyer	american	administration	violated	rights	minorities	muslim	minority	migrated	america	american	administration	keeping	taleban	alqa'idah	prisoners	metal	cages	named	detention	centres	refusing	identify	prisoners	war	human	rights	violations	america	extensive	protest	world	human	rights	organizations	american	administration	compelled	partially	recognize	interesting	point	america	expelled	membership	international	human	rights	organization	repeated	violation	human	rights	circumstances	america	express	opinion	issue	human	rights	countries	america's	unilateral	policy	identify	limits	american	administration	bush's	presidency	adopted	unilateral	policies	international	issues	reduction	strategic	arms	environmental	concerns	including	kyoto	protocol	proposal	set	international	criminal	court	fight	terrorism	state	department's	current	expression	view	human	rights	records	countries	fact	continuation	unilateral	policy	pursued	american	administration	american	administration	assumes	interfere	international	issues	internal	affairs	countries	care	concern	global	community	visavis	american	policies	times	influence	large	part	world	human	virtue	express	concern	human	rights	issues	world	american	authorities	massacring	thousands	innocent	people	afghanistan	excuse	fighting	terrorism	continuing	expect	people	world	annual	report	issued	department	state	human	rights	blame	world	viewing	reports	tool	advance	america's	foreign	policy
92--------------
topic:	100	rights	human	china's	report	government	kong	forces	department	religious	state
file label:humanrights
beijing	march	afp	beijing	condemned	tuesday	unreasonable	annual	state	department	report	criticised	china's	human	rights	record	abuses	including	torture	repression	religious	ethnic	minorities	state	department	human	rights	report	facts	interference	china's	internal	affairs	pretext	human	rights	foreign	ministry	spokesman	kong	quan	chinese	government	people	express	deep	dissatisfaction	firm	opposition	told	press	conference	country	reports	human	rights	released	washington	monday	gave	poor	grades	rights	north	korea	iraq	iran	myanmar	vietnam	mixed	reviews	indonesia	cambodia	chinese	government	devoted	promoting	safeguarding	human	rights	fundamental	freedoms	kong	added	numerous	cases	human	rights	violations	united	states	government	turns	blind	eye	situation	points	fingers	internal	affairs	countries	distorts	status	human	rights	countries	unreasonable	ulterior	motives	kong	warned	washington	double	standards	global	war	terrorism	uyghur	separatists	seeking	establish	independent	east	turkestan	china's	westernmost	xinjiang	region	terrorists	cooperated	afghanistan's	taliban	regime	needed	wiped	east	turkestan	forces	participating	fighting	taliban	fact	component	international	terrorist	forces	target	international	forces	fighting	terrorism	united	states	rejected	china's	repeated	calls	xinjiang	separatists	terrorists	beijing's	human	rights	record	remained	poor	state	department	concluded	scathing	report	authorities	quick	suppress	person	group	religious	political	social	perceived	threat	government	power	national	stability	citizens	sought	express	openly	dissenting	political	religious	views	continued	live	environment	filled	repression	report	charged
93--------------
topic:	140	rights	human	ngos	suhakam	report	ramdas	commissioners	malaysia	boycott	suhakam's
file label:humanrights
sat	thirtytwo	nongovernmental	organisations	today	suspended	engagements	malaysian	human	rights	commission	suhakam	days	april	latest	appointments	commission	effect	speaking	behalf	ngos	human	rights	organisation	hakam	president	ramdas	tikamdas	boycott	protest	government's	poor	response	suhakam's	numerous	recommendations	ngos	note	deep	concern	government	largely	suhakam's	maiden	report	freedom	assembly	report	kesas	report	submitted	public	inquiry	earned	disdain	wrath	prime	minister	dr	mahathir	mohamad	summarily	dismissed	product	biased	press	conference	selangor	chinese	assembly	hall	kuala	lumpur	kesas	report	irked	mahathir	police	guilty	excessive	force	mass	antigovernment	gathering	kesas	highway	nov	ngos	stressed	government	failed	respect	recognise	suhakam's	recommendations	lamented	decline	human	rights	malaysia	ramdas	government's	failure	adhere	commission's	recommendations	creates	impression	suhakam	mere	public	relations	tool	years	state	human	rights	malaysia	deteriorated	increasing	numbers	people	detained	trial	internal	security	act	blanket	police	ban	assemblies	restrictions	free	speech	expression	restrictive	amendments	election	laws	denied	democratic	space	added	ngos	noted	government	show	commitment	respect	universal	human	rights	principles	ratifying	international	instruments	human	rights	international	covenant	civil	political	rights	international	covenant	economic	social	cultural	rights	covenant	torture	controversial	appointments	concern	raised	suhakam's	independence	appointment	attorneygeneral	abu	talib	othman	chairperson	decision	renew	appointments	commissioners	anuar	zainal	abidin	prof	mehrun	siraj	dr	salleh	mohd	ramdas	perceived	anuar	mehrun	instrumental	scathing	kesas	report	dropped	performing	duties	fear	favour	fact	commissioners	axed	clear	signal	commissioners	tenure	dependent	pleased	executive	undermines	independence	commission	erode	public's	confidence	hand	ngos	public	records	shows	abu	talib	committed	protecting	civil	liberties	advancing	human	rights	claiming	personal	ngos	concern	based	defense	ops	lalang	people	detained	isa	security	added	abu	talib	tenure	ag	instrumental	impeachment	lord	president	salleh	abas	supreme	court	judges	ngos	expressed	concern	appointment	commissioners	led	suhakam	retired	civil	servants	commissioners	retired	treasury	deputy	secretarygeneral	ramon	navaratnam	permanent	representative	united	nations	hasmy	agam	institute	islamic	understanding	malaysia	ikim	directorgeneral	dr	abdul	monir	yaacob	retired	education	directorgeneral	asiah	abu	samah	retired	national	population	family	development	board	directorgeneral	dr	raj	abdul	karim	concern	persons	role	policy	implementors	objectively	assess	critique	executive	policies	impinge	human	rights	ramdas	elaborating	boycott	ramdas	ngos	hold	dialogues	send	memorandums	complaints	suhakam	monitor	commissioners	discharge	statutory	duties	respect	pending	complaints	inquires	note	extent	suhakam	monitor	government's	compliance	previous	recommendations	human	rights	issues	contained	maiden	report	parliament	reports	added	ramdas	suhakam's	performance	judged	number	statements	issued	reports	produced	improvement	human	rights	malaysia	bill	suhakam	act	tabled	parliament	foreign	affairs	minister	syed	hamid	albar	promised	positive	development	protecting	promoting	human	rights	malaysia	suhakam	institution	fulfill	promise	stressed	ramdas	ngos	meet	period	review	position	hakam	notable	ngos	involved	boycott	malaysian	trades	union	congress	mtuc	suaram	amesty	international's	malaysian	chapter	jamaah	islah	malaysia	jim	sisters	islam	sis	boycott	unfair	related	development	suhakam	commissioner	prof	hamdan	adnan	told	malaysiakini	disappointed	boycott	unfair	resorting	measures	commissioner	ngos	work	suhakam	advancement	human	rights	country	added	boycott	create	impression	ngos	acting	interest	honest	championing	human	rights	action	shows	ngos	acknowledge	suhakam	work	hamdan
94--------------
topic:	7	united	states	rights	human	washington	international	official	china	government	authorities
file label:humanrights
annual	human	rights	report	state	department	strongly	criticized	condemned	countries	report	public	days	contents	inaccurate	lacking	good	continue	commented	world	media	countries	asia	europe	africa	latin	america	rejected	content	human	rights	report	calling	brazen	distortion	situation	wrongful	illegitimate	move	interference	internal	affairs	countries	information	office	chinese	people's	congress	released	report	human	rights	united	states	criticizing	violations	human	rights	report	quoting	data	christian	science	monitor	points	murder	rate	united	states	people	united	states	torture	pressure	confess	crime	common	people	sentenced	death	crime	commit	result	unjust	legal	system	million	children	living	poverty	line	report	american	woman	beaten	seconds	evidence	show	human	rights	violations	united	states	years	facts	understood	administration	human	rights	violations	place	day	united	states	preparing	annual	reports	human	rights	countries	years	ignoring	real	situation	home	world	analysts	remarked	evaluation	practice	human	rights	countries	depends	level	political	relations	united	states	countries	year	report	devotes	pages	commenting	human	rights	democratic	people's	republic	korea	iraq	judgment	practice	human	rights	depends	interests	british	news	agency	reuters	remarked	human	rights	report	united	states	criticized	egypt	suspected	terrorists	military	courts	criticism	absent	human	rights	report	united	states	planning	alqa'ida	taliban	detainees	military	courts	refusing	grant	pow	status	clear	united	states	pays	attention	fundamental	human	rights	serve	political	purpose	light	united	states	malicious	goals	annual	human	rights	report	facing	strong	protest	criticism	world	americans	evidence	prove	wrong	judgment	administration	human	rights	countries	vietnam	washington	times	weekend	carried	article	andrew	welsdan	representative	fund	reconciliation	development	rejecting	report's	allegation	human	rights	vietnam	article	stressed	people	vietnam	free	practice	religion	buddhists	catholics	protestants	annual	human	rights	report	released	state	department	convincing	inaccurate	fabricated
95--------------
topic:	80	states	united	countries	korea	world	south	treaty	events	september	china
file label:humanrights
detailed	document	issued	china's	state	council	session	document	criticism	expanding	military	presence	united	states	international	level	demanded	united	states	stop	policy	dominating	world	september	suicide	bomb	attacks	world	trade	center	pentagon	united	states	investigating	matter	coming	proof	put	blame	terrorism	afghanistan	result	united	states	formed	coalition	aim	bringing	terrorism	taliban	due	bombardment	continuing	afghanistan	operation	manner	defenseless	innocent	poor	muslims	blown	ammunition	dreadful	events	history	world	witnessed	loathsome	action	united	states	oneincluding	muslim	communityraised	voice	horrifying	act	oppression	encouraged	global	community's	shameful	silence	united	states	announced	phase	war	terrorism	declaring	iraq	iran	north	korea	axis	evil	united	states	announced	target	countries	manner	afghanistan	north	korea	target	due	reason	united	states	blamed	transferring	nuclear	technology	weapons	islamic	countries	countries	terms	threat	security	nuclear	weapons	include	russia	china	abovementioned	statement	china	important	country	september	events	united	states	document	united	states	openly	told	number	country	damaging	solidarity	countries	violating	human	rights	iranian	president	mohammed	khatami	start	visit	austria	protested	dictatorial	move	united	states	condemned	statement	president	bush	terming	iran	iraq	north	korea	axis	evil	countries	preparing	weapons	mass	destruction	apparently	president	bush's	attitude	reaction	events	september	american	intellectual	noam	chomsky	proved	writings	accomplishment	goals	aggression	terrorism	part	american	psyche	traced	events	american	cowboys	blind	force	oppress	blacks	united	states	raising	artificial	slogans	preservation	democracy	human	rights	developing	standards	living	actual	objective	protection	interests	worldwide	care	moral	values	analysis	chomsky	world	war	ii	tank	planned	subjugate	regions	world	economic	progress	middle	east	countries	world	part	plan	period	antisoviet	hysteria	promoted	strongly	cia	task	topple	governments	install	rulers	choice	result	governments	guatemala	dominican	republic	brazil	chile	toppled	mentioned	documents	including	national	security	council	memorandum	number	issued	supremacy	maintained	cost	derived	attack	afghanistan	logic	impulsive	action	psychology	maintaining	supremacy	fully	involved	united	states	planned	suicidal	attack	due	hegemony	united	states	maintain	state	department	assessment	human	rights	situation	countries	prepares	report	violations	world	united	states	selfassessment	september	events	united	states	completely	international	convention	human	rights	negated	constitution	events	washington	york	approximately	pakistanis	thrown	jail	person	mohammed	butt	died	heart	failure	detention	court	case	arrested	defend	taliban	prisoners	arrested	afghanistan	cages	island	cuba	prisoners	inhuman	conditions	reason	keeping	island	law	apply	lesson	american	tv	channels	daily	show	shots	conditions	prisoners	media	reported	involvement	jews	september	events	ruled	media	reported	israeli	spies	arrested	exiled	united	states	orders	department	justice	shows	double	standards	selfishness	exposes	background	keeping	troops	military	basis	parts	world	china	justified	demanding	united	states	creating	conflicts	embarking	policy	oppression	supremacy	stop	interfering	affairs	countries	human	rights	china	american	society	engulfed	violence	crime	racial	prejudice	assumed	alarming	proportions	protection	women	rights	including	respect	sanctity	report	document	eye	opener	world	united	states	viewed	true	perspective	pakistan	rethink	regard	pakistan	fully	supporting	united	states	september	total	benefit	earned	united	states	pakistan	earned	bad	internal	external	problems	increased	manifold	pakistan	draw	conclusions	light	circumstances	report	issued	china	blindly	accepting	demand	united	states	responding	positively	american	phone	call	pakistan	single	step	carefully
96--------------
topic:	161	rights	human	craner	saudi	arabia	country	world	countries	talking	report
file label:humanrights
commentary	nawab	khan	brussels	perspective	column	hypocrisy	exposed	socalled	usled	campaign	terrorism	inspiring	opportunistic	attacks	civil	liberties	world	human	rights	watch	warned	annual	global	survey	released	sept	attacks	gained	worldwide	sympathy	support	evaporated	quickly	due	america's	gross	violations	international	norms	behaviour	america	arresting	foreign	nationals	foreign	country	afghanistan	locking	cages	foreign	country	cuba	international	legitimacy	continuing	bombings	afghanistan	interim	government	place	setting	terrific	violate	international	laws	human	rights	human	rights	watch	report	imagine	condemning	military	tribunals	set	tinpot	tyrant	rid	political	enemies	kind	criticism	real	sting	ring	hypocrisy	western	europe	measures	designed	combat	terrorism	threatening	longheld	human	rights	principles	terrorists	kenneth	roth	executive	director	human	rights	watch	fight	terror	buy	logic	human	rights	principles	compromised	antiterrorism	drive	succeed	conducted	struggle	ruthless	set	criminals	roth	defeat	fundamental	amorality	terrorism	requires	firm	grounding	international	human	rights	willingness	western	governments	tolerate	abuses	friendly	governments	middle	east	north	africa	tended	undermine	growth	human	rights	culture	problem	includes	west's	failure	rein	israeli	abuses	palestinians	apparent	disregard	grave	civilian	suffering	caused	sanctions	iraq	complete	unwillingness	raise	human	rights	issues	friendly	governments	arab	world
97--------------
topic:	187	taiwan	states	united	china	bush	sinous	world	beijing	country	republic
file label:humanrights
president	bush	ordered	central	intelligence	agency	cia	assassinate	america's	opponents	world	directive	issued	time	american	government	claiming	lead	fight	terrorism	world	imam	god	satisfied	issued	fatwa	salman	rushdie	insulting	prophet	peace	holy	koran	countries	socalled	supporters	human	rights	protested	fatwa	act	terrorism	international	law	crushed	human	rights	principles	coordinated	move	european	countries	recalled	ambassadors	tehran	order	put	islamic	republic	iran	pressure	clarifying	imam's	edict	islamic	republic	iran	people	world	understand	insulting	prophet	fact	violating	rights	millions	people	world	simply	directive	god	confirmed	clerics	islamic	world	united	states	issued	assassination	order	millions	human	beings	proof	reason	documentation	reason	opposition	united	states	islamic	countries	withdraw	ambassadors	united	states	european	countries	honest	withdrawal	ambassadors	iran	blaming	iran	violating	human	rights	recall	ambassadors	united	states	united	states	violating	rights	human	human	beings	blow	americans	received	september	york	washington	united	states	determined	justice	prehistoric	times	obvious	country	put	cruelty	human	achievement	discovery	godgiven	human	rights	achieved	thousands	years	research	wasted	united	states	thinks	silence	justiceseeking	cries	peoples	world	sound	explosions	bombs	thinks	justify	inhuman	behavior	shadow	noise	attachments
98--------------
topic:	4	rights	human	international	report	reports	state	public	years	bawab	jordan
file label:humanrights
tehran	dec	irna	tehranbased	islamic	human	rights	commission	ihrc	sunday	expressed	concern	return	period	force	weapon	international	relations	ihrc	statement	mark	december	international	day	human	rights	international	community	formulated	numerous	documents	honor	human	rights	years	bitter	experience	heavy	losses	humanity	suffered	statement	documents	signed	promote	human	rights	cultures	put	outlooks	human	rights	envisaged	measures	stop	violation	human	rights	ihrc	called	prohibition	discrimination	torture	arbitrary	detention	honoring	human	rights	political	rights	rights	associations	women's	rights	rights	envisaged	international	declaration	human	rights	recommended	divine	religions	centuries	statement	regretted	provisions	international	declaration	human	rights	materialized	human	communities	suffered	heavy	human	losses	devastating	world	wars	understood	progress	human	communities	dependent	honoring	human	rights	ihrc	international	conference	racism	durban	south	africa	august	turning	point	international	campaign	honor	human	rights	statement	deplored	injustice	palestinian	nation	violation	human	rights	political	activists	journalists	religious	minorities	children	women	parts	world	ihrc	nations	religions	condemned	september	terrorist	attacks	york	washington	solidarity	bring	international	campaign	dry	roots	terrorism	expand	peace	security	international	community	countries	resort	military	power	embark	trampling	human	rights	civilians	statement	urged	statesmen	countries	heed	religious	teachings	calling	respect	human	rights	peace	established	honoring	human	development	genevabased	united	nations	high	commissioner	human	rights	mary	robinson	called	israel	stop	bombing	palestinian	targets	west	bank	gaza	strip	international	monitors	denounced	israeli	terrorist	attacks	palestinian	activists	urging	halt	called	targeted	killing	palestinians
99--------------
topic:	79	palestinian	israel	israeli	people	tactic	palestinians	united	states	security	withdrawal
file label:humanrights
islamabad	march	irna	central	leader	pakistan	people	party	ppp	provincial	minister	northwest	frontier	province	nwfp	seyed	qamar	abbas	rejected	state	department	report	human	rights	iran	countries	america	report	violator	human	rights	told	irna	interview	monday	america	killed	thousands	innocent	people	parts	globe	muslim	world	america	guise	socalled	war	terror	killed	injured	thousands	innocent	afghans	prisoners	war	maltreated	couple	weeks	state	department	annual	report	revealed	iran	pakistan	countries	violators	human	rights	america	double	standard	policy	denounces	human	rights	violation	supports	israel	perishing	muslims	palestine	lebanon	abbas	criticized	countries	nations	independant	real	sense	world	dictation	accepts	supremacy	labelled	human	rights	violators	submit	policies	showered	favours	added	america	interests	socalled	war	terrorism	weapons	mass	destruction	lies	covert	motive	strategic	economic	interests	abbas	added	hoped	people	world	dark	observe	unjust	discriminatory	policies	america	people	america	concluded
100--------------
topic:	81	united	states	rights	human	people	blacks	discrimination	racial	delegation	ali
file label:humanrights
great	leader	comrade	kim	chongil	pointed	imperialists	reactionaries	speak	ill	socialism	pretend	advocates	human	rights	abuse	human	rights	united	nations	meeting	united	states	picked	quarrel	speaking	country	human	rights	problem	time	united	states	acted	united	states	acting	adjudicator	human	rights	published	socalled	annual	human	rights	report	annual	report	international	religious	freedom	attempting	teach	lesson	countries	including	country	deems	disagreeable	united	states	qualified	speak	human	rights	countries	easily	talk	similar	manner	racial	discrimination	united	states	passage	time	people	united	states	human	rights	ruthlessly	trampled	simply	colored	poll	conducted	jointly	daily	washington	post	harvard	university	people	wondering	american	society	reverting	racial	discrimination	total	people	including	blacks	latinos	asians	participated	poll	responded	ten	blacks	find	job	denied	responsible	positions	workplace	simply	blacks	ten	blacks	thirds	latinos	asians	suffered	persecution	subjected	abusive	language	ali	barr	black	man	working	tv	station	atlanta	experienced	racial	discrimination	restaurant	ali	barr	company	entered	restaurant	ten	white	people	restaurant	appeared	surprised	waitress	told	leave	premise	immediately	recalling	scene	ali	barr	company	racially	discriminated	forget	day	long	live	result	racial	discrimination	ethnic	minorities	reportedly	driven	urban	areas	vital	statistics	released	long	united	states	residents	suburban	areas	ethnic	minority	figure	percent	higher	decade	people	remember	fact	united	states	withdrew	delegation	conference	racism	held	september	durban	south	africa	beginning	united	states	refused	send	delegation	eventually	dispatched	lowlevel	delegation	voices	critical	israelis	violation	palestinian	people's	human	rights	raised	conference	united	states	withdraw	delegation	government	claiming	represent	people	behaves	international	settings	people	home	follow	government's	talking	human	rights	issues	countries	united	states	find	house	abuse	human	rights	rampant	effort	rectify	practices
101--------------
topic:	122	rights	oil	iran	human	islamic	khatami	republic	president	prices	opec
file label:humanrights
independence	unchr	impugned	biased	united	nations	human	rights	rapporteur	maurice	copithorne	friday	repeated	stereotyped	allegations	islamic	republic	expressing	concern	called	human	rights	violations	iran	copithorne	served	post	iran	reports	commission	human	rights	unchr	member	states	open	annual	sixweek	session	march	shown	strong	influence	zionist	circles	washington's	biased	attitude	islamic	republic	rapporteur's	report	iran	submitted	commission	friday	includes	cases	legal	punishments	floggings	executions	murderers	major	drug	traffickers	applied	based	shria	islamic	law	human	rights	violations	cases	unfounded	charges	accusing	iran	discrimination	women	minorities	charges	fact	women's	political	social	cultural	participation	men	women	iran	hold	managerial	academic	parliamentary	posts	positions	government	cabinet	minorities	concerned	enjoy	rights	equal	muslim	majority	representatives	parliament	practice	religion	freely	report	human	rights	rapporteur	interfered	iran's	internal	affairs	instance	denounced	human	rights	violation	banning	seizure	satellite	dishes	iran	measure	line	law	portray	false	image	judiciary	officials	accuse	judiciary	officials	human	rights	violations	spiteful	attitude	shows	copithorne	hireling	tasked	tarnishing	image	islamic	republic	senior	officials	interestingly	copithorne	visited	iran	continues	submit	iran	reports	commission	human	rights	knowledge	realities	islamic	republic	means	annual	antiiran	reports	dictated	zionist	circles	arrogant	powers	united	states	lost	illegitimate	interests	iran	victory	islamic	revolution	downfall	puppet	pahlavi	regime	publishing	biased	reports	create	mistrust	nations	objectives	independence	commission	human	rights
102--------------
topic:	160	china	states	united	cooperation	muslims	visit	chinese	relations	gul	bush's
file label:humanrights
islamabad	march	irna	leading	pakistani	defense	analyst	hameed	gul	wednesday	rejected	year's	state	department	report	human	rights	pack	blatant	lies	propaganda	directorgeneral	pakistani	interservices	intelligence	isi	hameed	gul	told	irna	interview	country	resisted	american	hegemony	deemed	violator	human	rights	fit	force	wanted	subjugate	entire	world	community	ready	tolerate	hurdle	direction	report	human	rights	manifestation	hegemonistic	designs	lieutenant	general	retd	continued	hameed	gul	opinion	country	world	respect	religion	faith	norms	decency	human	rights	rules	unprecedented	history	comity	nations	forcibly	wanted	prevent	countries	upholding	religious	cultural	values	fraudulent	terrorist	extremist	country	world	forget	barbarities	committed	innocent	afghan	people	women	children	elderly	firmly	order	realize	vested	interests	region	allies	unleashed	oppression	afghan	people	latest	weaponry	defenseless	nation	regard	quick	reference	ongoing	killings	indian	muslims	rioting	erupted	week	people	muslims	brutally	murdered	hands	extremist	hindus	india	socalled	civilized	nations	shameful	mum	remarked	americans	pointed	violations	human	rights	country	group	people	hurdles	realization	vested	interests	israel	palestine	muslims	worst	examples	rights	abuses	silent	palestinians	react	israeli	attacks	america	quick	logical	solution	palestinian	issue	free	independent	state	people	palestine	enshrined	resolutions	denying	added	means	muslims	defend	themsleves	oppressors	america	total	submission	muslims	globe	hameed	gul	situation	requires	concerted	moral	resistance	muslims	scholars	remain	indifferent	other's	plight	hands	imperialist	forces	led	crushed	warned	muslims	rulers	forge	unity	ranks	resist	everincreasing	influence	targeted	hameed	gul	concluded
103--------------
topic:	169	bush	president	iran	world	speech	states	united	countries	terrorism	policy
file label:humanrights
human	rights	claims	empty	state	department	monday	published	annual	report	status	human	rights	countries	year	report	referring	iran	united	states	repeated	allegations	islamic	republic	failed	provide	evidence	support	baseless	charges	unfounded	allegations	claim	islamic	republic	enjoys	social	base	unpopular	system	human	rights	violations	massive	participation	millions	iranians	grand	rallies	feb	mark	anniversary	victory	islamic	revolution	defy	threats	country	revealed	emptiness	charges	iran	clear	baseless	accusations	tarnish	image	iran	independent	policy	refuses	bow	domination	interesting	state	department's	annual	global	human	rights	report	year	time	washington	sharply	criticized	countries	international	human	rights	organizations	killing	large	number	innocent	civilians	afghanistan	torture	inhuman	treatment	taleban	alqaeda	prisoners	military	base	guantanamo	bay	administration	claims	advocate	international	human	rights	issues	play	role	world	policeman	condoning	atrocious	human	rights	violations	committed	united	states	ugliest	crimes	perpetrated	inmates	prisons	mistreatment	ethnic	minorities	police	appalling	occasions	led	massive	riots	instance	bloody	riot	ignited	cincinnati	afroamerican	youth	shot	dead	reason	police	officers	united	states	claims	advocate	human	rights	harsh	treatment	citizens	hegemonic	belligerent	policy	nations	prove	claim	empty	rhetoric
104--------------
topic:	37	zimbabwe	mugabe	commonwealth	committee	government	election	people	suspended	mugabe's	development
file label:humanrights
united	nations	november	xinhua	unrealistic	envisage	people	suffering	lack	development	poverty	hunger	poor	health	fully	enjoy	human	rights	delegations	stressed	wednesday	committee	social	humanitarian	cultural	general	assembly	committee	wednesday	opened	formal	debate	human	rights	questions	including	alternative	approaches	improving	effective	enjoyment	human	rights	fundamental	freedoms	representatives	development	major	preconditions	ensure	universal	protection	promotion	human	rights	press	release	committee	crucial	element	maintaining	international	peace	security	emphasized	committee	continued	debate	human	rights	questions	including	alternative	approaches	improving	effective	enjoyment	human	rights	fundamental	freedoms	briefing	remarks	representative	thailand	human	rights	development	sides	coin	addressed	tandem	people	center	social	economic	development	efforts	protected	scourges	social	ills	including	disease	narcotic	drugs	armed	conflicts	terrorism	types	transnational	organized	crime	added	representative	eritrea	globalization	threatening	marginalize	developing	world	alienate	masses	hampering	ability	exercise	rights	duties	enshrined	numerous	international	human	rights	instruments	including	development	narrowing	development	gap	countries	crucial	realization	universal	human	rights	representative	china	shen	guofang	underdevelopment	hindered	capacity	developing	countries	protect	promote	human	rights	rapid	spread	globalization	economic	expansion	situation	poor	countries	deteriorating	passing	day	shen	representative	united	states	horrors	terrorist	attack	international	community	win	war	terrorism	human	rights	protected	expediency	compromise	lapse	vigilance	promoting	strengthening	human	rights	democracy	world	integral	part	multilateral	war	terrorism	speaking	debate	representatives	cuba	egypt	morocco	japan	venezuela	mali	greece	indonesia	committee	meet	thursday	continue	general	debate	human	rights	questions
105--------------
topic:	4	rights	human	international	report	reports	state	public	years	bawab	jordan
file label:humanrights
amman	government	preparing	official	replies	international	reports	human	rights	practices	jordan	replies	amnesty	international	report	issued	feb	state	department	country	report	human	rights	practices	jordan	issued	march	ready	month	ambassador	abdul	latif	bawab	contacted	concerned	authorities	starting	interior	ministry	law	enforcement	agencies	gather	comments	suggestions	included	replies	bawab	responsible	international	organisations	desk	foreign	ministry	report	entitled	jordan	security	measures	violate	human	rights	amnesty	international	expressed	concern	laws	amendments	introduced	penal	code	sept	terror	attacks	part	antiterrorism	package	temporary	laws	expand	scope	definition	terrorism	place	additional	restrictions	freedom	expression	press	amnesty	report	state	department	annual	report	human	rights	kingdom	cases	arbitrary	arrests	incommunicado	detentions	bawab	declined	comment	merits	reports	government	replies	reports	public	ready	ambassador	bawab	state	department's	report	repetitive	pointing	cases	contained	separate	references	incidents	mentioned	previous	years	reports	reply	feel	report	repetitive	bawab	official	sources	cent	countries	state	department	publishes	human	rights	annual	reports	issues	official	replies	reply	replying	years	good	record	feel	hide	bawab	sept	amendments	penal	code	stipulated	sentences	years	jail	fine	publication	reports	sowing	seeds	hatred	malice	disparaging	royal	family	heads	state	friendly	countries	amendment	defined	terrorism	act	violence	threat	reason	aim	executed	individually	collectively	disturb	public	order	endanger	public	safety	security	amnesty	amendments	criminalise	peaceful	activities	unrelated	politically	motivated	violence	state	department	report	alleged	government	restricts	freedom	assembly	significant	restrictions	citizens	rights	change	government	cited	lack	transparent	investigations	allegations	wrongful	deaths	occurred	police	detention	previous	years	jordan	signatory	rights	conventions	universal	declaration	human	rights	civil	covenant	human	rights	convention	elimination	discrimination	women	government	legislative	steps	establishment	national	centre	human	rights	nchr	recommendations	royal	commission	human	rights	established	majesty	king	abdullah	march	chaired	majesty	queen	rania	country's	independent	human	rights	organisations	welcomed	steps	set	nchr	draft	law	creation	act	ombudsman	office	individual	claims	human	rights	violations	abuses	amnesty	international's	state	department's	report	mention	steps	establishment	ombudsman	office	kind	region	human	rights	activist	saeda	kilani	reports	state	department	international	watchdogs	longer	received	shock	public	opinion	officialdom	alike	increased	public	awareness	access	information	years	reports	shocking	documents	heard	time	issues	domestic	abuse	honour	crimes	jordan	kilani	jordan	representative	transparency	international	people	issues	public	awareness	access	information	increased	special	centres	women	children	established	continued	awareness	increases	public	institutions	start	addressing	issues	taboos	years	additional	pressure	authors	human	rights	reports	accurate	kilani	noted	people	judge	report	sourced	investigated
106--------------
topic:	50	report	government	people	states	dr	shivute	security	world	namibia	human
file label:humanrights
govt	dismisses	rights	report	max	hamata	government	yesterday	trashed	human	rights	report	lists	number	human	rights	violations	namibia	hands	security	forces	government	information	permanent	secretary	mocks	shivute	responded	government	worst	human	rights	violator	world	shivute	cited	american	detention	people	naval	base	guantanamo	bay	bringing	trial	government	report	namibia's	human	rights	practices	released	week	members	security	forces	committed	extrajudicial	killings	security	operations	kavango	caprivi	regions	deaths	custody	government	account	whereabouts	persons	detained	security	forces	arrests	detentions	security	force	members	reportedly	tortured	beat	citizens	suspected	complicity	unita	report	cites	cases	arbitrary	deprivation	life	disappearance	people	torture	cruel	inhuman	degrading	treatment	arbitrary	arrest	denial	fair	public	hearing	rights	report	abuses	perpetrated	special	field	force	sff	members	report	namibian	constitution	people	arrested	informed	reason	arrest	brought	magistrate	hours	detention	case	report	charged	people	arrested	basis	suspicious	links	angolan	rebel	movement	unita	caprivi	liberation	army	cla	disappeared	trace	retorted	shivute	worse	happened	united	states	september	attacks	war	afghanistan	special	camps	built	detain	prisoners	war	enemies	state	actions	listed	human	rights	abuses	acceptable	committed	shivute	namibia	attached	latest	rights	report	carried	lot	factual	inaccuracies	mere	reproduction	unverified	unsubstantiated	reports	report	instance	claimed	swapo	publication	namibia	today	ruling	party	paper	governmentowned	magazine	shivute	report	carried	total	confusion	historical	data	claiming	national	union	namibian	workers	nunw	longer	affiliated	swapo	party
107--------------
topic:	197	china	united	rights	report	human	states	government	cuban	tibet	million
file label:humanrights
usual	state	department	published	annual	report	human	rights	practices	world	countries	monday	usual	portion	china	truth	absurdities	exaggerations	fabrications	aim	report	tarnish	china's	image	exert	political	pressure	chinese	government	human	rights	experts	seminar	held	china	society	study	human	rights	csshr	friday	united	states	slandering	china	xiraonima	professor	tibetan	history	central	university	nationalities	issue	false	human	rights	report	experts	united	states	violated	spirit	interfering	countries	internal	affairs	jin	yongjian	deputy	secretarygeneral	united	nations	united	nations	held	high	goal	protecting	human	rights	jin	requested	authorized	united	states	compile	release	reports	united	states	completely	violated	charter	principles	relevant	international	conferences	documents	added	united	states	procedural	mistake	facts	incorrect	officials	softens	tone	china	human	rights	report	human	rights	issues	slander	china	csshr	president	zhou	jue	tibet	times	truth	politicians	ulterior	motives	xiraonima	tibetan	westerners	everimproving	human	rights	tibet	autonomous	region	added	visiting	region	times	italian	senator	renzo	gubert	praised	chinese	government's	efforts	protect	indigenous	cultural	religious	heritage	developing	local	economy	visit	tibet	italian	parliamentary	delegation	issued	press	communique	agreeing	development	tibet	reported	western	media	central	government	built	renovated	number	monasteries	central	government	invested	million	yuan	million	repair	potala	palace	spent	million	yuan	update	palace's	fire	safety	facilities	renzo	gubert	impressed	local	tibetans	enjoy	high	level	religious	freedom	italian	senator's	words	sharp	contrast	contained	socalled	china	human	rights	report	compiled	united	states	blindly	accuses	china	restricting	religious	freedom	tibet	report	unsubstantiated	stories	illustrate	unwarranted	assertions	report	doubtful	phrases	credible	reports	sources	anecdotal	evidence	shows	socalled	truths	true	xiraonima	reckless	conclusion	report	lists	incidents	religious	freedom	violated	case	li	guangqiang	report	china	arrested	li	hong	kong	businessman	charged	smuggling	bibles	country	july	behaviour	violated	chinese	law	rev	cao	shengjie	china	christian	council	cao	smuggled	bibles	editions	translated	shouters	sect	heresy	cao	shouters	claim	bigger	jesus	sect	banned	activities	china	cao	meet	demand	million	protestants	china	million	copies	bible	including	printed	ethnic	languages	printed	human	rights	report	accuses	china	advantage	antiterrorism	campaigns	crackdown	ethnic	group	people	living	xinjiang	uygur	autonomous	region	united	states	fears	spillover	antiterrorist	campaign	afghanistan	perceived	opportunity	legitimize	measures	muslim	uighur	activists	antiterrorism	umbrella	politicians	mistake	secede	nation	engage	terrorist	activities	terrorists	ethnic	group	ma	dazheng	director	xinjiang	uygur	autonomous	region's	development	research	institute	chinese	academy	social	sciences	engages	terrorism	han	people	minority	people	brought	justice	ma	analogous	crackdown	terrorists	afghanistan	ma	united	states	alqaida	members	taliban	muslims	troops	bombing	terrorists	muslims
108--------------
topic:	176	country	countries	foreign	venezuela	relations	policy	president	state	groups	interests
file label:humanrights
march	state	department	released	annual	human	rights	report	criticizing	axis	evil	countries	abusing	human	rights	listed	abuses	countries	members	antiterrorist	alliance	interesting	reports	section	israel	israel	suffers	terrorist	attacks	report	forced	counterterrorism	measures	making	rights	abuses	understandable	postsept	restrictions	entering	leaving	country	air	travel	measures	curbing	civil	rights	accused	persons	discussed	report	generally	frank	wording	strong	proposes	corrective	action	consolidating	antiterrorist	alliance	expanding	war	terror	overshadowing	concerns	human	rights	exchange	support	war	terror	tacitly	agreeing	ignore	abuses	members	antiterror	coalition	glaring	examples	russia's	suppression	resistance	rule	chechnya	china's	suppression	independence	advocates	xinjiang	falun	gong	movement	israel's	treatment	palestinians	activities	show	sign	promoting	universal	values	democracy	human	rights	peace	months	passed	sept	focus	anger	turned	countries	labeled	rogue	nations	members	axis	evil	antiterrorist	alliance	embodiment	twosided	justice	human	rights	report	poses	substantial	challenge	interpretation	good	evil	put	simply	naked	pursuit	interests	studied	realist	political	science	find	surprising	earn	legitimacy	interests	military	mobilizations	history	motivated	notions	good	evil	orthodoxy	unorthodoxy	efforts	present	naked	pursuit	interests	battle	good	evil	reflect	lack	understanding	tolerance	demonizing	enemy	guarantee	peace	gained	war	report	expressly	points	extremely	easy	terrorists	find	supporters	countries	human	rights	respected	individual	freedom	repressed	prove	human	rights	important	ammunition	battle	terror	attack	terrorism	human	rights	matter	countries	president	george	bush	believes	supremacy	human	rights	forget	breeding	ground	terrorists	exists	antiterrorist	alliance	planning	extend	military	aid	countries	alliance	enable	root	terrorists	forces	wishful	thinking	risks	making	accomplice	destruction	human	rights	claims	world's	policeman	incapable	interests	practicing	universal	values	human	rights	democracy	peace	international	community	reconsider	role	played	learn	european	parliament	works	compromising	interests	countries	succumbing	interests	single	country	approach	suited	century	increasing	international	diversity	chien	hsichieh	dpp	legislator	executive	director	peacetime	foundation	taiwan	translated	perry	svensson
109--------------
topic:	66	conference	countries	world	genoa	bonn	conferences	economic	america	york	globalization
file label:kyoto
weeks	europe	america	witnessed	arrangement	important	international	conferences	hand	guarantee	peace	stability	world	deteriorate	conditions	conference	york	dealt	ban	demand	light	arms	genoa	conference	wider	extended	agenda	common	features	large	numerous	bodies	dissidents	opposing	wishes	interests	small	powerful	group	feature	conferences	ended	effective	result	decisions	resolutions	adopted	lacked	conclusiveness	operational	bonn	conference	dealt	global	environment	examined	condition	world	climate	appraised	exception	relative	success	weeks	discussion	exchange	views	york	conference	decided	pay	heed	resolute	demands	advanced	majority	participants	emphatically	insisted	imposition	ban	sale	light	weaponry	paying	heed	tantamount	endorsement	demand	launched	countries	final	result	compromise	solution	relative	majority	group	joint	demand	stand	majority	countries	attending	conference	encountered	firm	opposition	united	states	american	delegates	conference	maintained	restriction	ban	sale	possession	carrying	light	armaments	practically	limiting	freedom	action	american	citizens	equal	reducing	margin	security	possessing	arms	selfdefense	factor	breeds	insecurity	critics	meeting	margin	conference	held	view	american	government	heeding	wishes	international	community	protecting	security	world	nations	safety	citizens	paid	attention	interests	corporations	huge	arms	producers	militaryindustrial	complexes	reap	tremendous	profits	annually	sale	armaments	noted	issues	moved	conference	declared	unofficial	lacking	validity	participating	countries	important	conferences	subsequently	gained	prominence	conference	genova	results	obtained	conference	led	subsequent	intense	dissatisfaction	frustration	leading	industrial	states	attending	meeting	governments	attending	conference	long	varied	agenda	including	economic	globalization	antimissile	shield	defense	project	kyoto	protocol	environmental	protection	political	military	crises	middle	east	balkans	afghanistan	moratorium	accumulated	debt	poor	countries	meant	reach	form	agreement	understanding	issues	unexpected	events	left	limbo	uncertainty	conference	opened	fierce	demonstrations	opponents	economic	globalization	maintained	concocted	globalization	fact	poverty	italian	police	intervened	roughly	handled	demonstrations	hand	volatile	situation	reached	boiling	point	violent	clashes	broke	killing	protestor	overshadowed	issues	incident	fact	unprecedented	history	european	democracies	prompted	range	controversies	debates	safely	claimed	events	genoa	influenced	conferences	york	bonn	onset	weak	results	genoa	foreseeable	observers	start	predicted	subject	economic	globalization	developed	capitalist	states	fierce	opposition	dissident	groups	supporters	economic	growth	poor	countries	american	proposed	antimissile	defense	system	russia	china	japan	european	union	shown	enthusiasm	expressed	reserves	project	environmental	protection	issue	emission	toxic	greenhouse	gases	warming	planet	earth's	climate	related	bonn	conference	america	relentlessly	demonstrated	paradoxical	position	stance	opposed	developed	states	previous	abandonment	kyoto	protocol	anticipated	hoped	agreements	reached	genoa	bring	beneficial	results	bonn	conference	eagerness	playing	intermediary	role	middle	east	crisis	rise	fierce	competition	america	european	union	russia	china	party	seeks	interest	conflict	rivalry	persists	question	continue	remain	unresolved	remarkable	conferences	york	genoa	fact	decisions	based	interests	tastes	groups	views	expressed	prominent	characters	attending	genoa	conference	jacques	chirac	french	president	responding	protests	leveled	opponents	globalization	present	defenders	world	poor	similarly	gerhard	schroeder	german	chancellor	claimed	participants	summit	meeting	true	legitimate	elected	representatives	people	countries	remarks	political	leaders	point	interesting	calls	reflection	leaders	reject	interference	condition	destiny	poor	nations	present	legitimate	competent	reaching	decisions	elected	nation	entitle	act	representative	legal	attorney	people	worldwide	mark	view	criticisms	considered	representative	powerful	corporations	world	economy	influence	result	controlling	world	politics	globally	bonn	conference	agenda	tackle	discuss	urgent	indispensable	factors	life	humankind	remarkable	feature	conference	joint	resolution	adopted	countries	worldwide	regard	protection	environment	reducing	emission	greenhouse	gases	isolated	america	undeniable	due	isolation	america	spite	discrediting	kyoto	protocol	declining	comply	bonn	conference	forced	promise	cooperate	preventing	increase	air	pollution	recap	existed	possibility	conferences	york	genoa	questions	promotion	world	security	improvement	economic	conditions	defusing	regional	global	crises	conflicts	checking	unleashed	competition	rearmament	reduction	gap	mainstream	peripheral	countries	addressed	worthy	measures	solution	adopted	opportunity	easily	lost	meetings	flopped	completely	conference	bonn	meeting	gatherings	hague	meeting	kyoto	conference	proved	failed	experiences	climatic	atmospheric	crises	growing	optimistic	hopeful	success	protocols	pacts	implementation	agreements	protected	sanctions	endall	arzk
110--------------
topic:	110	kyoto	protocol	japan	emissions	bush	alternative	world	climate	international	global
file label:kyoto
russia	favours	creation	international	instruments	regulate	emissions	text	report	english	russian	news	agency	interfax	moscow	july	russian	foreign	ministry	called	account	russia's	specific	interests	working	international	documents	regulation	emissions	foreign	ministry	statement	connection	opening	conference	signatories	framework	convention	climate	change	bonn	reads	account	russia's	interests	vital	importance	viewpoint	prospects	ratification	kyoto	protocol	state	russia	interested	creating	international	instruments	regulating	emissions	guarantee	stable	economic	development	signatories	international	agreements	climate	sphere	exceptions	statement	reads	decision	withdraw	introducing	state	measures	regulate	emission	greenhouse	gases	negatively	affects	world	community's	efforts	ensure	global	efficient	character	kyoto	protocol	document	reads
111--------------
topic:	147	global	countries	kyoto	protocol	warming	states	united	emissions	implementation	agenda
file label:kyoto
kyoto	dropped	meet	agenda	tadayoshi	sakaguchi	yomiuri	shimbun	correspondent	united	states	pulled	kyoto	protocol	objecting	implementation	mentioned	goals	global	environmental	agenda	drawn	united	nations	united	states	demanded	wording	bringing	kyoto	protocol	global	warming	effect	excluded	implementation	documentation	global	environmental	agenda	drawn	session	preparatory	meeting	conference	environment	development	unced	sources	thursday	kyoto	pact	grew	conference	parties	cop	framework	convention	climate	change	unced	united	states	pulled	protocol	obliges	developed	countries	reduce	emissions	greenhouse	gases	announced	february	voluntary	plan	slow	growth	global	warming	gasses	latest	move	sign	united	states	stiffening	attitude	pact	draw	ire	countries	including	european	union	japan	early	implentation	kyoto	protocol	implementation	documents	drawn	intergovernmental	meeting	headquarters	york	based	chairman's	paper	announced	session	preparatory	meeting	january	states	implement	agenda	global	action	program	environmental	restoration	preservation	social	development	chairman's	paper	stated	countries	ensure	kyoto	protocol	put	effect	curb	global	warming	stated	developed	countries	give	financial	technical	support	countries	vulnerable	climate	change	island	nations	alleviate	global	warming's	impact	introducing	devices	satellite	observation	systems	monitor	rising	sea	levels	government	delegation	demanded	statements	chairman's	paper	reworded	countries	tackle	climate	change	line	schedule	agreed	seventh	session	cop	mapped	implementation	kyoto	protocol	time	assistance	island	countries	delegation	agreed	establish	satellite	observation	systems	demanded	wording	impact	global	warming	deleted	delegation	causal	relation	unusual	climatic	phenomena	greenhouse	gas	emissions	proved	general	opinion	developed	countries	scientific	data	commonly	interpreted	linking	droughts	floods	rising	tides	global	warming	cabinet	ok's	ratification	draft	cabinet	endorsed	diet	approval	bill	ratification	kyoto	protocol	revision	bill	measures	fight	global	warming	bill	submitted	diet	day	preparation	ratification	government	adopted	framework	achieve	protocol's	target	greenhouse	gas	emissions	diet	ratifies	protocol	work	cutting	gas	emissions	copyright	yomiuri	shimbun
112--------------
topic:	185	zimbabwe	election	mugabe	government	prescott	countries	zimbabwe's	african	people	million
file label:kyoto
britain's	prescott	pushes	kyoto	pact	backing	vancouver	british	columbia	kyoto	protocol	reducing	greenhouse	gas	emissions	ratified	support	british	deputy	prime	minister	john	prescott	told	international	conference	business	environment	friday	prescott	decision	reject	kyoto	agreement	concern	pressure	maintained	bush	administration	current	voluntary	emissionreduction	targets	world's	chance	dealing	threat	prescott	told	delegates	nations	globe	conference	vancouver	ended	friday	prescott	britain's	front	man	pushing	accord	united	states	critical	science	led	kyoto	pact	accepted	remains	optimistic	goals	united	states	signatory	nations	converge	kyoto	protocol	calls	countries	reduce	emissions	socalled	greenhouse	gases	carbon	dioxide	blamed	scientists	global	warming	levels	named	japanese	city	approved	pact	signed	countries	including	united	states	canada	fiftyfive	countries	responsible	percent	emissions	ratify	effect	fortynine	countries	midmarch	united	nations	europe's	environment	ministers	agreed	eu	nations	adhere	kyoto	protocol	ratification	win	support	eu	summit	month	barcelona	spain	process	expected	completed	june	prescott	british	program	aims	cut	emissions	percent	country	goal	issue	pitted	business	groups	claim	accord	hurt	global	economy	environmentalists	warn	dire	effects	global	warming	higher	ocean	levels	destruction	plants	animal	species	canada	countries	pledged	ratify	accord	canada's	environmental	minister	david	anderson	pressure	country's	energy	producers	follow	position	prescott	anderson's	support	friday	agreeing	financial	figures	quoted	kyoto	opponents	canada	potential	damage	canadian	economy	pure	fiction	study	canadian	manufacturers	exporters	association	accord	cost	canadian	economy	billion	dutch	report	released	earlier	week	million	difference	estimates	shows	great	deal	talking	assessment	needed	reuters	quoted	prescott	telling	delegates	represented	business	environmental	groups
113--------------
topic:	193	government	argentina	economic	sign	billion	argentine	national	signing	juneidi	gcep
file label:kyoto
jordan	sign	kyoto	protocol	amman	jordan	sign	kyoto	protocol	pact	impeding	global	greenhouse	gas	emissions	cabinet	decision	faris	juneidi	director	general	general	corporation	environment	protection	gcep	government	delegate	jordan's	representative	united	nations	hh	prince	zeid	ben	raad	sign	protocol	juneidi	told	jordan	times	tuesday	adding	exact	date	signing	environmental	agreement	set	conference	kyoto	japan	kyoto	protocol	legally	obliged	developed	countries	reduce	amount	greenhouse	gas	emissions	cent	levels	developed	countries	world's	main	source	largescale	air	pollution	jordan's	decision	sign	protocol	aimed	stressing	commitment	international	conventions	juneidi	signing	protocol	gcep	hopes	attract	funding	contribute	international	community's	efforts	reducing	greenhouse	gases	trap	heat	earth's	atmosphere	causing	climate	change	gcep	agency	operating	ministry	municipal	rural	affairs	environment	country's	point	reference	environmental	pacts	monday	european	union	member	states	agreed	formally	bound	kyoto	accord	complete	ratification	june	year	march	administration	opposed	protocol	contravenes	economic	interests	decision	slammed	european	union	countries	time	government	produced	alternative	climate	change	strategy	aimed	encouraging	industries	trim	emissions	developed	countries	canada	shown	reluctance	signing	kyoto	protocol	cut	national	gdp	cent	economic	damage	worth	billion	canadian	dollars	billion
114--------------
topic:	167	protocol	kyoto	emissions	climate	change	greenhouse	eu	states	ratification	countries
file label:kyoto
usjapan	climate	talks	representatives	japan	united	states	finished	days	talks	tuesday	climate	change	tokyo	discussed	ways	cooperating	science	technology	fields	prevent	global	warming	meeting	countries	president	george	bush	unveiled	plan	calling	voluntary	limits	greenhouse	gas	emissions	based	economic	growth	mandatory	targets	start	meeting	promote	research	development	climate	change	japan	intends	ratify	kyoto	protocol	president	bush	caused	international	outcry	rejected	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	year	hindered	economic	growth	newsroom	bbc	world	service	copyright	bbc
115--------------
topic:	17	emissions	climate	bush	plan	growth	power	progress	environmental	treaty	groups
file label:kyoto
bush	plan	expected	slow	halt	gas	emission	rise	president	bush	set	announce	plan	today	calling	voluntary	measures	slow	halt	growth	emissions	heattrapping	gases	linked	global	warming	white	house	officials	night	climate	proposal	bush's	response	kyoto	protocol	treaty	accepted	ratified	large	industrialized	countries	require	cuts	emissions	levels	bush	rejected	treaty	march	calling	targets	arbitrary	schedule	costly	meet	terms	easily	applied	large	developing	countries	unfair	program	announce	afternoon	slow	rate	growth	emissions	relation	growth	economy	billion	tax	credits	years	encourage	companies	individuals	limit	emissions	utilities	incentives	build	powergenerating	windmills	homeowners	tax	credits	buying	solar	panels	efficient	cars	climate	policy	require	sticking	position	bush	held	year	climate	issue	firm	limits	socalled	greenhouse	gases	drag	economy	administration's	approach	plans	based	commonsense	idea	sustainable	economic	growth	key	environmental	progress	growth	resources	investment	clean	technologies	advance	text	emissions	issue	unrelated	climate	aides	bush	call	today	mandatory	restrictions	kinds	pollutants	power	plants	mercury	sulfur	dioxide	nitrogen	oxides	contrast	proposals	environmentalists	democrats	plan	delay	cuts	night	administration	officials	called	voluntary	approach	climate	reasonable	path	time	senior	administration	official	insufficient	progress	move	kind	limits	making	progress	goal	full	range	programs	environmental	groups	criticized	kind	checkup	puts	measuring	progress	bush	office	administration's	proposed	target	growth	rate	emissions	carbon	dioxide	drop	percent	metric	tons	million	gross	domestic	product	current	level	metric	tons	environmental	groups	sharply	criticized	kind	yardstick	reflects	existing	trend	energy	efficiently	adding	long	economy	grows	result	emissions	reductions	alluding	date	speech	jennifer	morgan	climate	policy	director	world	wildlife	fund	called	valentine	coal	oil	industry	emissions	increase	time	frame	eternally	provision	climate	plan	greatly	expand	program	encouraging	businesses	monitor	report	emissions	greenhouse	gases	participate	voluntarily	gain	credits	eventually	trading	scheme	similar	pollution	white	house	officials	prompt	industries	change	behavior	similar	reporting	requirements	instituted	late	resulted	big	cuts	releases	toxic	chemicals	philip	clapp	president	national	environmental	trust	private	lobbying	group	criticized	approach	president's	global	warming	proposal	appears	faithbased	initiative	faith	major	corporations	line	volunteer	cuts	carbon	pollution	approach	failed	decade	president's	father	set	voluntary	program	myron	ebell	climate	policy	expert	competitive	enterprise	institute	private	group	free	market	views	frequently	embraced	industry	criticized	idea	ideological	direction	voluntary	coercive	ebell	president	leaving	asia	saturday	pressure	present	climate	plan	visiting	japan	japan	avoided	criticizing	administration	rejection	treaty	eager	sign	bush	concerned	issue	experts	treaty	decision	announcement	influenced	situation	proposed	plan	nongreenhouse	emissions	power	plants	mercury	sulfur	dioxide	nitrogen	oxides	impose	mandatory	limits	companies	exceed	buying	credits	reduce	pollution	required	levels	similar	limits	power	plants	emissions	carbon	dioxide	main	greenhouse	gas	face	lobbying	coal	companies	utilities	bush	abandoned	campaign	pledge	march	control	plant	emissions	shown	signs	reconsidering	idea	hints	emerging	plan	circulated	email	messages	environmental	groups	conservative	groups	appeared	pleased	official	energy	company	pressing	white	house	revise	power	plant	rules	news	finally	table	discuss	coming	official	recognizes	senate	deal	climate	power	plant	bill	copyright	york	times	company
116--------------
topic:	155	protocol	japan	kyoto	bush	countries	greenhouse	warming	global	gas	emissions
file label:kyoto
japan	differ	global	warming	issues	japanese	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	visiting	president	george	bush	differed	kyoto	protocol	prevent	global	warming	agreed	cooperate	issue	bush	repeated	rejection	kyoto	protocol	aimed	atcurbing	global	warming	pushed	alternative	announced	week	koizumi	called	plan	constructive	proposal	asked	efforts	unitedstates	decide	part	protocol	hope	continue	efforts	move	direction	koizumi	supports	thekyoto	protocol	economy	environment	improved	togetherwe'd	efforts	part	japanese	leader	added	bush	rejected	kyoto	pact	march	hurt	economic	growth	president	announced	alternative	proposal	weekcalling	voluntary	limits	greenhouse	gas	emissions	companies	accordance	economic	growth	mandatory	reduction	targets	presented	kyoto	pact	proposal	criticized	environmentalists	ineffective	solving	global	warming	warn	plan	greenhouse	gas	emissions	continue	rise	monday's	summit	talks	bush	koizumi	agreed	cooperate	countries	including	developing	nations	issue	global	warming	japan	cooperate	development	technologies	field	technologies	notonly	environment	economic	development	agreed	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
117--------------
topic:	102	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	minister	nations	emissions	world	national	carbon
file label:kyoto
blair	happy	green	deal	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	disagreed	yesterday	australia's	decision	sign	climate	change	deal	united	states	federal	government	denied	agreement	signed	week	signal	dumping	kyoto	protocol	greenhouse	gases	australianus	climate	action	partnership	involves	liaison	governments	businesses	research	bodies	climate	change	critics	hand	australia	dump	kyoto	cosying	dump	kyoto	australia's	involvement	kyoto	doubt	president	george	bush	announced	year	ratifying	protocol	hurt	economy	future	protocol	sets	targets	countries	attempt	cut	pollution	decided	year	meeting	johannesburg	spokeswoman	environment	minister	david	kemp	yesterday	minister	talks	european	union	brussels	formal	visit	washington	government	committed	kyoto	opposition's	environment	spokesman	kelvin	thomson	yesterday	australia	follow	position	climate	change	blair	told	abc	greenhouse	gases	area	obvious	disagreement	asked	disagreement	australia	blair	simply	people	individual	countries	state	position	kyoto	protocol	read	climate	change	concerned	issue	copyright	sydney	morning	herald
118--------------
topic:	110	kyoto	protocol	japan	emissions	bush	alternative	world	climate	international	global
file label:kyoto
tokyo	irked	stance	kyoto	tokyo	coral	reefs	die	water	hot	polar	bears	room	roam	crowding	existence	birds	start	flying	extra	mile	north	year	starve	dire	consequences	global	warming	climatechange	experts	time	clearer	countries	steps	slow	process	countries	signed	kyoto	protocol	president	george	bush	ratify	protocol	shaped	part	fit	washington's	concerns	years	accord's	ultimate	effectiveness	doubt	allies	irritated	japan	nation	naturelovers	shaping	accord	soil	source	pride	proof	relevant	players	world	stage	absolutely	inadmissible	greatest	gasemitting	country	turn	present	kyoto	protocol	framework	convention	climate	change	mie	asaoka	president	kiko	network	tokyo	environmentalumbrella	organization	representing	japanese	groups	clash	stop	global	warming	allowing	sluggish	economies	prosper	occurs	awkward	point	usjapanese	relations	analysts	east	japan's	economic	dominance	asia	diminishes	importance	usjapan	relationship	department	defense	left	japan	list	nations	contributing	postsept	war	terror	realizing	accidental	slight	apologized	overlooking	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi's	efforts	considered	tremendously	ambitious	alter	interpretation	japan's	postworld	war	ii	pacifist	constitution	order	dispatch	warships	noncombat	support	bush's	visit	month	koizumi	gently	balked	president's	proposed	alternative	kyoto	agreement	japan	efforts	part	protesters	streets	air	indignation	washington's	doitourway	decision	effects	globe	kiko	network's	handouts	pamphlet	cartoon	world	koizumi	defensively	holds	kyoto	protocol	fiendishlooking	bush	seizes	weeping	globe	monstersize	hands	eyes	japan	allies	bush	administration's	decision	ratify	kyoto	protocol	signals	washington	growing	increasingly	unilateralist	months	sept	attacks	america	pulling	kyoto	process	ratified	european	union	labeling	iran	iraq	north	korea	axis	evil	prime	targets	phase	war	america's	allies	growing	tendency	act	consult	bush	administration	offering	alternative	plan	clear	skies	global	climate	change	initiatives	aides	marketsensitive	reduce	worst	air	pollutants	percent	finding	strategy	cut	greenhouse	gas	intensity	percent	years	environmental	advocates	bush's	alternative	continue	increase	amount	gas	emits	fear	forging	smaller	nations	expected	ratify	kyoto	protocol	start	backing	lead	twotier	system	australia	canada	follow	suit	choose	targets	rest	world	limited	stricter	kyoto	limits	japan	upset	bush's	alternative	japanese	industry	vigorous	energysaving	environmentally	friendly	drives	energy	crises	mitsuru	shinozaki	spokesman	keidanren	country's	influential	business	lobby	earth	summit	years	japan	discussed	implemented	selfaction	plan	reduce	carbondioxide	emissions	policy	reduce	emissions	hurt	japanese	industrial	competitiveness	top	untitled	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
119--------------
topic:	149	protocol	greenhouse	kyoto	countries	advanced	nations	gas	gases	korea	south
file label:kyoto
ice	age	cooler	countries	gear	battles	ratifying	kyoto	protocol	study	suggests	world	stepped	path	future	cooler	researchers	nasa's	goddard	institute	space	studies	giss	york	report	declining	greenhousegas	emissions	late	slowed	growth	rate	atmosphere's	ability	retain	heat	researchers	link	slower	rate	implementation	montreal	protocol	countries	agreed	phase	production	gases	erode	earth's	protective	ozone	layer	collectively	chlorofluorocarbons	gases	trap	heat	thousands	times	effectively	carbon	dioxide	main	focus	kyoto	rate	increase	greenhouse	gases	maintained	peak	reached	climate	reached	temperatures	anticipated	concentrations	atmosphere	expected	doubled	researchers	calculate	slowdown	due	part	slower	growth	methane	carbon	dioxide	reasons	understood	study	notes	james	hansen	nasa	researcher	conducted	study	makiko	sato	giss	slower	growth	carbondioxide	concentrations	due	increased	uptake	landbased	plants	marine	organisms	suggests	work	grows	longerterm	effort	scientists	explore	paths	adjusting	globe's	thermostat	politically	charged	effort	embodied	kyoto	protocol	focusing	carbon	dioxide	pact	sets	sights	curbing	greenhouse	gas	held	responsible	contributing	climate's	warming	century	curbs	curbs	burning	coal	oil	natural	gas	fuels	booming	economies	drs	hansen	sato	argue	policymakers	significant	headway	attacking	pollutants	black	carbon	soot	ozone	smog	atmosphere	methane	landfills	mining	oil	gas	production	duo	calculates	reducing	methane	emissions	percent	effect	climate	comparable	effect	cuts	envisioned	kyoto	protocol	commitment	period	runs	study	appeared	dec	issue	proceedings	national	academy	science	top	untitled	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
120--------------
topic:	102	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	minister	nations	emissions	world	national	carbon
file label:kyoto
kyoto	ripoff	study	released	week	canadian	manufacturers	exporters	implementation	kyoto	global	warming	treaty	cost	economy	jobs	jean	chretien	worried	accept	figures	prime	minister	gained	frightening	people	facts	figure	conceived	frighten	canadians	plucked	straight	government	documents	report	released	national	air	issues	coordinating	committee	climate	change	group	staffed	officials	federal	provincial	territorial	governments	hitting	canada's	kyoto	target	loss	roughly	year's	growth	viewed	absolute	terms	loss	annual	economic	output	approximately	capita	price	worth	paying	governments	expected	protect	national	economy	deviate	mission	crucial	national	interests	stake	fighting	terrorism	rising	temperatures	pose	threat	canada	authoritative	feb	report	projected	impacts	global	warming	intergovernmental	panel	climate	change	identified	threats	canadian	ecosystems	concluded	farmers	generally	benefit	warmer	temperatures	nonfarming	canadians	spend	part	winter	months	scraping	ice	cars	chopping	firewood	shovelling	walks	profit	globally	felt	benefits	follow	canada's	implementation	kyoto	protocol	slight	sacrifice	yield	expected	reduction	annual	carbon	carbonequivalent	emissions	tonnes	world's	total	projected	greenhouse	gas	output	canada	managed	convince	united	states	kyoto	signatory	ratify	protocol	world	carbon	dioxide	emissions	soar	energy	information	administration	world	energy	consumption	increase	upsurge	expected	developing	nations	covered	kyoto	protocol	fully	implemented	treaty	carbon	dioxide	emissions	grow	period	kyoto	figure	worldwide	cost	dip	lost	gdp	give	trillion	ways	spend	money	cap	carbon	dioxide	emissions	costly	burden	home	impossible	task	developing	world	focus	abating	damage	global	warming	atrisk	nations	scientists	correct	higher	temperatures	rising	sea	levels	depress	grain	yields	africa	parts	asia	fuel	spread	diseases	threaten	coastal	nations	bangladesh	senegal	problems	abated	eliminated	western	assistance	helping	world	nations	plant	crops	vaccinate	people	relocate	coastal	towns	costly	bottom	line	fraction	kyoto's	price	tag	related	sites	link	opens	window	backgrounder	kyoto	accord	prepared	canada's	environment	minister	kyoto	protocol	download	full	text	pdf	climate	changekyoto	protocol	activities	list	related	meetings	conferences	projects	reports	accord	hosted	united	nations	industrial	development	organization	copyright	national	post	online
121--------------
topic:	40	kyoto	federal	alberta	government	costs	warming	taylor	sign	global	estimates
file label:kyoto
politics	environment	drives	kyoto	author	barry	cooper	david	bercuson	winners	increasingly	heated	debate	global	warming	boffins	ottawa	couple	weeks	federal	government	distributed	colourful	announcement	newspapers	land	proclaiming	earth	warmer	implementing	kyoto	protocol	targeted	reduction	socalled	greenhouse	gases	fix	ten	days	asked	kyoto	famous	team	canada	press	conference	moscow	premier	ralph	klein	produced	letter	indicating	premiers	everdistinct	quebec	opposed	kyoto	days	munich	provincial	opposition	hedged	qualifications	ndp	premiers	saskatchewan	manitoba	apparently	thought	principles	kyoto	fine	wanted	consultations	herb	dhaliwal	federal	energy	minister	weighed	qualifications	important	details	worked	canada	ratifies	kyoto	protocol	sign	contract	business	knew	meant	boss	apparently	business	sense	jean	chretien	desire	federal	government	sign	sign	debate	intensifying	emerged	week	global	warming	conference	ottawa	lorne	taylor	alberta	environment	minister	estimated	costs	kyoto	canadian	economy	year	cost	alberta	taylor	told	quebec	critics	circumspect	stand	empty	pockets	hands	empty	alberta	time	criticizing	alberta	alluding	great	money	laundering	operation	federal	government	transfers	cash	productive	provinces	alberta	dispenses	places	quebec	conference	taylor's	federal	counterpart	david	anderson	announced	alberta	numbers	absurd	implementing	kyoto	cost	paltry	added	ominously	issue	technically	international	relations	fall	purview	federal	government	act	unilaterally	levels	controversy	kyoto	numbers	tossed	taylor	anderson	centred	costs	compliance	canadians	certainty	approaching	perfection	federal	government	incompetent	offering	orderofmagnitude	guesses	gun	registration	program	proves	shadow	doubt	taylor	offered	prudent	guess	fact	accurate	estimates	costs	policies	designed	reduce	selected	gas	emissions	impossible	impact	canada's	international	competitiveness	china	india	brazil	indonesia	committed	reduce	estimate	costs	benefits	developing	energy	sources	knowledge	advance	underlying	uncertainties	costs	fundamental	uncertainties	scientific	evidence	major	measurement	problems	historically	temperature	data	collected	urban	heat	islands	zealand	climatologist	vincent	gray	observed	measurements	global	temperature	human	habitation	show	sign	warming	evidence	net	impact	human	activity	spring	american	national	academy	science	warned	considerable	uncertainty	current	understanding	climate	system	varies	naturally	estimates	magnitude	direction	future	warming	highly	tentative	finally	vast	uncertainty	built	computer	models	climate	change	models	today	dice	atmosphere	collection	virtual	cubes	miles	side	threedimensional	nature	problem	doubling	resolution	requires	times	computer	power	cubes	size	miles	side	computers	times	powerful	existed	reliable	baseline	global	weather	earlier	dates	short	estimates	scale	timing	atmospheric	warming	uncertain	assess	costs	benefits	fact	kyoto	principles	clue	means	consequence	politics	kyoto	count	swelling	population	envirocrats	ottawa	means	sole	beneficiary	federal	government	loses	copyright	national	post	online
122--------------
topic:	142	global	nations	greenhouse	kyoto	protocol	warming	emissions	developing	ren	dr
file label:kyoto
beijing	nov	xinhua	expert's	view	global	climate	change	protocols	seventh	conference	parties	cop	framework	convention	climate	change	unfccc	held	marrakesh	morocco	october	november	dr	ren	guoyu	expert	meteorologist	national	climate	center	china	pointed	kyoto	protocol	step	resolve	global	warming	interview	xinhua	news	agency	long	great	deal	effort	put	global	warming	successfully	arrested	dr	ren	humans	released	excessive	amounts	greenhouse	gases	primarily	carbon	dioxide	atmosphere	century	years	carbon	dioxide	concentration	atmosphere	higher	time	thousand	years	excessive	emission	greenhouse	gases	caused	global	temperature	rise	degree	years	emission	greenhouse	gases	rigorously	limited	allowed	continue	climb	average	global	temperature	surge	sea	level	rise	millimeters	disastrous	countries	addition	global	warming	bring	frequent	extreme	weather	phenomena	cold	spells	heat	waves	torrential	rain	tornadoes	threaten	society	warned	abrupt	climate	change	place	critical	temperature	rise	exceeded	regions	temperature	rise	suddenly	sharply	regions	fall	precipitously	deleterious	effect	mankind	disaster	averted	join	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	stop	global	warming	expert	united	states	largest	greenhouse	gasemitting	country	world	total	emissions	continue	rise	march	bush	administration	openly	declared	rescind	promise	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	accordance	kyoto	protocol	excuses	include	harm	economy	insufficient	participation	developing	nations	dr	ren	critical	irresponsible	decision	government	carbon	dioxide	atmosphere	accumulated	years	amount	greenhouse	gases	emitted	developing	nations	decades	represents	small	fraction	total	emission	increase	greenhouse	gases	atmosphere	caused	industrialized	nations	capita	basis	emissions	developing	nations	industrialized	nations	china's	capita	emission	onesixth	united	states	requires	joint	effort	industrialized	nations	resolve	global	warming	mistake	united	states	excuse	evade	responsibility	pointed	kyoto	protocol	set	reduction	target	china	china	concerned	global	climate	changerelated	issues	years	significantly	reduced	greenhouse	gas	emissions	efficiency	improvement	energy	conservation	development	advanced	energy	technology	effort	recognized	globe	implement	kyoto	protocol	dr	ren	country	incur	economic	loss	equivalent	percent	gdp	greenhouse	emissions	percent	weak	developing	nation	absorb	burden	monetary	technical	assistance	industrialized	nations	protect	interests	industrialized	nations	repeatedly	outrageous	demands	unfccc	conferences	bonn	conference	july	japan	demands	kyoto	protocol	finally	compromise	reached	developing	nations	eu	significant	concession	kyoto	protocol	significantly	weakened	result	conference	countries	japan	russia	australia	canada	played	tactic	delay	implementation	kyoto	protocol	united	states	continues	refuse	fulfill	obligations	negotiation	stymied	order	implement	treaty	developing	nations	eu	agreed	compromise	future	negotiations	expected	smooth	reminder	dr	ren	pointed	kyoto	protocol	gesture	mankind	stop	global	warming	fundamentally	targets	set	kyoto	protocol	effectively	curb	global	warming	kyoto	protocol	officially	implemented	earth	summit	held	september	johannesburg	south	africa	mankind	continue	work	solution	global	warming	step	difficult	long	road	dr	ren	suggested	developing	nations	join	forces	emissions	reduction	future	attachments
123--------------
topic:	56	axis	evil	military	japan	president	states	united	iraq	government	prime
file label:kyoto
brazil	germany	call	implementation	kyoto	protocol	september	brasilia	agencia	brasil	abr	document	entitled	partnership	brasilgermany	action	plan	countrires	expressed	interest	kyoto	protocol	effect	sustainable	development	summit	takes	place	south	africa	september	brazil	germany	call	countries	ratify	protocol	work	enforce	document	states	brazil	germany	intend	expand	cooperation	area	environment	sustainable	development	countries	expect	present	common	positions	meeting	finally	document	stresses	importance	pilot	program	protection	tropical	forests	german	participation	program	ab	material	reproduced	long	source	acknowledged
124--------------
topic:	117	february	cardoso	letter	president	ngos	history	forces	armed	embassy	plan
file label:kyoto
cardoso	decision	greenhouse	gases	positive	brasilia	agencia	brasil	abr	today	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	declared	decision	adopt	measures	control	greenhouse	gases	positive	formal	decision	ratify	kyoto	protocol	united	states	important	party	convention	hope	measures	adopted	domestically	effect	adhering	kyoto	protocol	cardoso	ab
125--------------
topic:	117	february	cardoso	letter	president	ngos	history	forces	armed	embassy	plan
file label:kyoto
brazil	hopes	interfere	greenhouse	effect	negotiations	brasilia	agencia	brasil	abr	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	today	united	states	interfere	international	negotiations	controlling	greenhouse	gas	emissions	cardoso	believes	committed	joining	nations	fighting	problem	adopt	domestic	measures	formally	renounced	kyoto	protocol	cardoso	remarks	congress	message	calling	ratification	kyoto	protocol	brazil	committing	country	reducing	greenhouse	emissions	world's	biggest	sources	greenhouse	gases	united	states	russia	japan	germany	great	britain	canada	italy	poland	france	ab
126--------------
topic:	186	rights	american	human	cooperation	environment	suspects	military	terrorist	america	courts
file label:kyoto
vietnamese	minister	science	technology	environment	chu	tuan	nha	told	asiaeurope	meeting	environment	ministers	meeting	beijing	vietnam	values	environmental	protection	including	prevention	pollution	degradation	biodiversity	protection	improvement	environment	industrial	zones	urban	rural	areas	vietnamese	government	mobilized	resources	strengthened	international	cooperation	addressing	environmental	issues	emphasized	importance	bilateral	cooperation	continents	dealing	environmental	issues	noting	meeting	serve	foundation	asia	europe's	future	cooperation	vietnamese	minister	called	establishment	cooperation	forum	environment	held	years	asiaeurope	environment	cooperation	program	forum	facilitate	exchange	dialogues	policy	information	experts	environment	asem	enmm	concluded	beijing	january	adoption	statement	presidium	calling	early	implementation	kyoto	protocol	cooperation	dialogue	asem	members
127--------------
topic:	155	protocol	japan	kyoto	bush	countries	greenhouse	warming	global	gas	emissions
file label:kyoto
great	leader	comrade	kim	chongil	pointed	conduct	proper	research	work	protect	environment	air	water	order	maintain	people's	health	provide	hygienic	civilized	living	conditions	united	nations	framework	convention	climate	change	held	morocco	japan	laid	artificial	obstacles	session	seeking	profit	discussing	draft	regulations	put	kyoto	protocol	force	japan	openly	issue	draft	regulations	contents	regulations	favor	grudgingly	agreed	countries	concessions	amendments	draft	japan	calculated	suffer	tremendous	loss	draft	regulations	passed	intact	adopted	legal	document	session	united	nations	framework	convention	climate	change	held	time	reach	actual	agreement	regulatory	problems	solved	put	kyoto	protocol	adopted	force	world	reduce	greenhouse	effect	ecological	damage	passing	day	protect	human	lives	health	provide	favorable	conditions	promotion	human	civilization	feared	world	preservation	environment	grave	pressing	problem	linked	existence	mankind	problems	global	warming	environmental	preservation	handled	today	major	impact	lives	health	people	future	development	world	reason	people	world	today	demanding	world	concrete	measures	protecting	environment	realize	importance	revealed	time	japan	position	lead	solve	environmental	problems	attempted	solving	problems	wellknown	fact	kyoto	protocol	adopted	conference	parties	framework	convention	climate	change	held	japan	kyoto	protocol	developed	countries	supposed	set	goals	reduce	greenhouse	gases	emission	officially	put	kyoto	protocol	force	year	kyoto	protocol	enter	force	countries	ratify	conference	representatives	countries	world	supported	welcomed	adoption	kyoto	protocol	epochmaking	measure	curb	warming	earth's	surface	atmosphere	expected	protocol	ratified	countries	signed	legal	binding	force	emphasizing	significance	adoption	kyoto	protocol	japan	loudly	trumpeted	time	adoption	protocol	produced	role	japan	played	japan	called	working	practical	measures	enter	force	japan	changing	stand	time	opposed	draft	regulations	put	kyoto	protocol	force	called	liquidation	draft	shows	capricious	japan	frequently	stand	stakes	matter	japan's	behavior	lies	stakes	kyoto	protocol	japan	supposed	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emission	percent	level	japan	achieve	goal	put	lot	effort	restructure	plants	enterprises	introduce	technology	upgrade	production	lines	tremendous	amount	money	investment	unprofitable	nature	japan	japan	readily	agree	putting	kyoto	protocol	force	calculating	gains	losses	kyoto	protocol	figure	japan	good	excuse	united	states	implement	kyoto	protocol	opposing	draft	regulations	pretext	opposition	japan	attempting	realize	objective	midst	situation	japanese	official	visited	united	states	received	instruction	japan	avoid	inordinate	behavior	respect	issue	implementing	kyoto	protocol	hint	good	japan	play	leading	role	dealing	matter	detrimental	interests	japan	spirit	independence	acted	directions	japan	continued	put	diet	ratification	protocol	attitude	session	held	time	plausible	pretext	meaningless	put	kyoto	protocol	force	united	states	excluded	japan	respect	issue	putting	kyoto	protocol	force	tantamount	act	betrayal	mankind	effort	protect	human	lives	health	earth's	atmosphere	present	global	warming	issue	gravity	nuclear	war	japan	developed	countries	assume	large	responsibilities	japan	backing	resolving	issue	position	play	leading	role	japan	condemned	world	japan	unable	escape	stronger	denunciation	isolation	world	continues	seek	profit	create	stumbling	blocks	supposed	prevent	global	warming	seek	environmental	preservation
128--------------
topic:	192	united	states	bush	international	war	missile	pragmatism	chinese	side	pakistan
file label:kyoto
cold	war	united	states	world's	sole	superpower	trend	pragmatism	foreign	policy	clearer	clearer	pragmatism	place	united	states	traditional	policy	coming	power	unilateralism	pragmatism	bush's	main	foreign	policy	line	alternate	complementary	nature	pragmatism	unilateralism	constitute	characteristics	bush	administration's	diplomacy	coming	power	bush	insisted	deploying	national	missile	defense	system	international	community	western	allies	including	neighbor	canada	consistently	opposed	plan	opposition	bush	main	diplomatic	goals	year	persuade	international	community	accept	nmd	russia	agree	revise	antiballistic	missile	treaty	flashing	carrot	stick	time	missile	defense	system	pose	threat	international	security	trigger	arms	race	occasion	stated	antiballistic	missile	treaty	signed	soviet	union	united	states	product	cold	war	era	lost	binding	force	claimed	develop	nmd	united	states	prepared	scrap	abm	year	bush	increased	funds	research	testing	md	accelerated	test	frequency	antimissile	system	adoption	resolution	maintaining	abiding	antiballistic	missile	treaty	november	united	nations	general	assembly	united	states	persisted	carrying	missile	interception	test	word	development	nmd	purpose	attacking	countries	time	preventing	countries	attacking	genuinely	securing	status	sole	super	power	sinous	plane	collision	event	occurred	april	illustrate	alternate	application	twoisms	diplomacy	plane	collision	event	logic	spy	plane	permitted	spy	people's	doorsteps	host	hand	doors	protect	yard	responsibility	event	chinese	plane	crashed	chinese	pilot	perished	lies	completely	side	side	refused	apologize	china	claimed	crew	members	detained	chinese	side	deterred	chinese	government's	firm	position	due	fact	crew	members	china	united	states	compelled	offer	apology	chinese	side	released	crew	members	major	political	figures	changed	stance	immediately	threatened	human	rights	trade	olympics	hosting	issues	retaliate	china	coming	power	bush	proceeding	interests	adopted	pragmatism	unilateralism	position	regard	international	treaties	march	catering	interests	oil	coal	barons	large	political	donations	republican	party	bush	announced	prior	consultations	allies	united	states	enforce	kyoto	protocol	aimed	reducing	greenhouse	gas	emissions	world	announcement	met	unanimous	condemnation	international	media	july	bush	administration	decided	comprehensive	test	ban	treaty	freeze	senate	hard	heels	decision	negotiation	representative	marie	chevrier	announced	geneva	bush	administration	support	implementation	biological	weapons	convention	united	states	strongly	objected	concrete	enforcement	plan	convention	bush	administration	refuses	sign	ratify	implement	international	treaties	asks	revision	international	treaties	benefit	security	economy	globalization	international	treaties	mechanisms	organizations	restrict	prevent	freedom	countries	organizations	follow	orders	troubles	september	attacks	united	states	international	community	strongly	condemned	terrorist	acts	expressed	sympathy	support	american	people	supported	world	united	states	launched	war	terrorism	century	bush	stressed	war	war	world	war	united	states	views	major	force	antiterrorism	world	united	states	capability	carry	global	war	terrorism	bush	terrorists	nation	continues	harbor	support	terrorism	regarded	united	states	hostile	regime	united	states	countries	world	stand	fight	terrorism	decides	country	enemy	friend	basis	country's	attitude	fact	multilateral	diplomacy	enhance	unilateralism	united	states	practices	pragmatism	treatment	pakistan	frontline	state	fight	pakistan	september	event	united	states	distance	pakistan	imposed	sanctions	declaring	war	terrorism	united	states	drew	pakistan	side	aid	united	states	continue	treat	pakistan	responsible	manner	anybody's	guess	attachments
129--------------
topic:	141	climate	norway	quota	countries	system	kyoto	protocol	emissions	government	measures
file label:kyoto
norway	forefront	combating	climate	problems	government	play	active	role	internationally	work	reducing	emissions	home	government	point	significant	reduction	climate	gate	emissions	norway	ratified	kyoto	protocol	year	environmental	protection	minister	borge	brende	written	government's	environmental	initiative	concrete	form	report	storting	spring	early	quota	system	occupy	central	place	norway	rich	countries	moral	responsibility	achieve	real	reductions	norway	countries	manage	respect	prepare	climate	united	nations	climate	panel	years	climate	unaffected	initiatives	years	reduce	emissions	climate	gases	explanation	increased	concentration	climate	gases	atmosphere	slowness	climate	system	degree	global	warming	unavoidable	years	regclim	research	project	aegis	norwegian	research	council	worked	estimate	climate	develop	norway	years	main	conclusions	trend	warmer	weather	precipitation	continue	climate	region	region	western	part	norway	experience	markedly	greatest	increase	precipition	fall	north	norway	precipitation	fall	warmer	temperatures	winter	eastern	part	norway	biggest	increase	precipitation	winter	coming	years	winters	snowy	greener	wetter	extrapolations	state	climate	completely	reliable	great	certainty	climate	knowledge	effects	local	societies	organize	couple	hurricanes	year	normal	prepare	bigger	floods	consequences	increase	temperature	raising	livestock	fish	climate	produce	types	pests	create	problems	years	goal	gain	knowledge	put	good	preparedness	strategies	world's	countries	peoples	affected	climate	poor	countries	hit	hardest	developing	countries	contributed	climate	problems	slight	degree	bear	greatest	burden	norway	industrialized	countries	hand	good	prospects	grappling	climate	economy	put	measures	work	avoid	environmental	problems	increase	social	differences	world	reason	rich	countriesthose	making	climate	worsemust	offensive	solve	problems	created	sem	statement	coalition	government	warned	offensive	climate	policy	offensive	climate	police	bring	costs	expenditures	bill	generations	bigger	conscience	permit	challenge	introduce	costeffective	climate	policy	time	norwegian	business	industry's	competitiveness	consideration	elements	offensive	climate	policy	initiatives	government	show	demonstrable	progress	reduction	climate	emissions	setting	stage	norway	national	initiatives	earlier	required	kyoto	protocol	government's	policy	statement	states	establishment	national	quota	system	speeded	implementation	kyoto	protocol	government	set	stage	norway	ratify	kyoto	protocol	year	consensus	broad	quota	system	international	quota	exchange	achieve	emission	responsibilities	obligatory	period	pursue	international	climate	negotiations	consensus	achieved	internationally	period	step	road	periods	sharper	reductions	countries	climate	obligations	norway	play	active	role	process	report	storting	government	preparing	spring	measures	implemented	proposal	early	quota	system	center	report	exists	potential	significant	reductions	climate	gas	emissions	norway	produced	today's	resources	quotas	costeffective	means	achieving	results	quota	emit	quantity	climate	gases	period	sold	market	advantages	authorities	set	ceiling	emissions	businesses	obligated	quota	choose	buy	quotas	introduce	measures	reduce	emissions	countries	denmark	great	britain	sweden	developing	early	quota	systems	addition	effective	early	quota	system	give	business	industry	experience	international	quota	system	kyoto	protocol	effect	government's	work	put	quota	system	shape	norway	discussing	number	problems	rangewhich	gases	sectors	included	quota	system	businesses	exposed	competition	dealt	measures	emissionshow	obligated	quota	emit	fines	exceeding	quota	limit	possibility	cooperating	countries	early	quota	systems	pleased	broad	political	consensus	norway	early	quota	system	shape	measures	norway	norwegian	businesses	contribute	reducing	emissions	poor	countries	green	development	mechanism	kyoto	protocol	opens	businesses	industrialized	countries	pay	introduction	environmentallyfriendly	technology	polluting	industries	developing	countries	mechanism	usedand	addition	producing	climate	benefits	measures	contribute	development	reduced	local	pollution	poor	countries	norway	countries	world	earned	fossil	fuels	special	responsibility	climate	policynot	visavis	poorest	countries
130--------------
topic:	180	election	eu	mugabe	sadc	president	groups	free	russia	ratification	letter
file label:kyoto
spanish	premier	eu	leader	urge	russia	ratify	kyoto	protocol	text	report	spanish	news	agency	efe	barcelona	march	current	president	eu	jose	maria	aznar	president	european	commission	romano	prodi	handed	letter	russian	president	vladimir	putin	urge	promote	ratification	russia	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	letter	efe	access	aznar	prodi	explain	march	council	eu	environment	ministers	agreed	adoption	decision	approval	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	behalf	european	community	explain	agreement	important	step	eu	fulfilling	political	pledge	achieve	ratification	protocol	johannesburg	summit	sustainable	development	aznar	prodi	report	internal	ratification	processes	member	states	concluded	emphasize	advanced	stage	cases	completed	complete	confidence	instruments	ratification	european	community	member	states	lodged	secretariat	united	nations	time	scale	anticipated	words	early	june	year	add	letter	emphasizes	kyoto	protocol	enter	force	future	eu	ratification	guaranteed	urge	putin	ensure	russia	moves	ratification	request	convinced	russian	federation's	resolute	commitment	kyoto	protocol	believing	manner	eu	russia	continue	show	leadership	shared	fruitful	results	international	cooperation	fight	climate	change
131--------------
topic:	180	election	eu	mugabe	sadc	president	groups	free	russia	ratification	letter
file label:kyoto
corrspanish	premier	eu	leader	urge	russia	ratify	kyoto	protocol	correcting	handed	line	read	corrected	version	text	report	spanish	news	agency	efe	barcelona	march	current	president	eu	jose	maria	aznar	president	european	commission	romano	prodi	letter	russian	president	vladimir	putin	urge	promote	ratification	russia	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	letter	efe	access	aznar	prodi	explain	march	council	eu	environment	ministers	agreed	adoption	decision	approval	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	behalf	european	community	explain	agreement	important	step	eu	fulfilling	political	pledge	achieve	ratification	protocol	johannesburg	summit	sustainable	development	aznar	prodi	report	internal	ratification	processes	member	states	concluded	emphasize	advanced	stage	cases	completed	complete	confidence	instruments	ratification	european	community	member	states	lodged	secretariat	united	nations	time	scale	anticipated	words	early	june	year	add	letter	emphasizes	kyoto	protocol	enter	force	future	eu	ratification	guaranteed	urge	putin	ensure	russia	moves	ratification	request	convinced	russian	federation's	resolute	commitment	kyoto	protocol	believing	manner	eu	russia	continue	show	leadership	shared	fruitful	results	international	cooperation	fight	climate	change
132--------------
topic:	111	space	wto	people	flight	parmentier	doha	trip	commercial	greenpeace	prize
file label:kyoto
remain	silent	count	remi	parmentier	political	director	greenpeace	international	responding	question	gulf	times	demonstrations	wto	ministerial	meeting	opened	doha	yesterday	parmentier	categorically	street	demonstrations	added	qatari	government	sought	commitment	greenpeace	undertake	demonstrations	discussed	number	conditions	boat	allowed	moor	fulfilled	conditions	environmentalist	told	reporters	board	ship	doha	harbour	setting	sail	doha	sheraton	conference	venue	act	responsibly	guarantees	sheikh	hamad	bin	faisal	althani	chairman	organising	committee	responsible	peaceful	act	constructive	manner	added	greenpeace	voice	concerns	millions	people	give	voice	people	dont	hear	meaning	rainbow	warrior	people	voice	concerns	voice	demands	parmentier	peaceful	means	disposal	voice	people	heard	pointed	qatar	presenting	dohas	candidature	host	meeting	official	commitment	peaceful	protests	earlier	rainbow	warrior	sailed	doha	thursday	morning	challenge	wto	ministerial	conference	force	united	states	commit	kyoto	protocol	climate	change	talking	press	greenpeace	executive	director	gerd	leipold	important	issue	climate	change	continue	burn	fossil	fuel	rate	today	bleak	future	islands	nations	vanish	face	earth	millions	people	leave	homes	environmental	organisation	warned	delegates	conference	principles	wto	rendered	worthless	meeting	extracted	commitment	kyoto	protocol	produces	world	green	house	gases	population	world	country	reaps	benefits	mock	globalisation	responsibility	biggest	global	problem	facing	today	fundamentally	unfair	unjust	leipold	parmentier	hand	wto	claims	support	sustainable	development	environmental	protection	virtually	protect	environment	kyoto	protocol	rejection	effect	hidden	subsidy	breach	constitution	wto	wto	claims	protect	environment	today	doha	condemn	allowing	hidden	subsidy	governments	figures	equivalent	test	case	wto	parmentier	urged	delegates	discuss	possibility	trade	negotiations	week	doha	ratifies	kyoto	protocol	greenpeace	looked	work	partnership	developing	countries	proper	assessment	impact	wto	trade	negotiations	wto	created	jumped	checking	proper	safety	net	bottom	lets	jump	quickly	lets	check	safety	net	lets	consolidate	safety	nets	jump	responsible	action	historic	success	doha	meeting	success	days	time	meeting	success	force	wto	change	wto	decisions	allowed	overrule	international	environmental	agreements	precautionary	principle	incorporated	decisionmaking	patents	life	banned	parmentier	added	board	rainbow	warrior	nationalities	countries	including	witnesses	local	communities	testify	adverse	effects	wto	global	policies	organisation	broadcasting	radio	daily	internet	parmentier	hoped	qatari	authorities	honour	commitment	free	access	people	country	ship	vice	versa	answering	question	wto	qatar	hide	protestors	run	hide
133--------------
topic:	80	states	united	countries	korea	world	south	treaty	events	september	china
file label:kyoto
international	consensus	reached	treaty	combat	climate	change	light	issued	south	korea's	heavily	carbondependent	industries	saturday	representatives	countries	finally	agreed	rules	implement	kyoto	protocol	weeks	negotiations	held	marrakech	morocco	accord	industrialized	countries	cut	limit	emissions	carbon	dioxide	heattrapping	gases	average	percent	levels	scientists	gases	ghg	result	burning	fossil	fuels	raise	earth's	temperature	change	climate	creating	floods	droughts	abnormal	weather	phenomena	south	korea	included	annex	parties	composed	industrialized	countries	accord	expected	effect	time	year	affect	country	member	organization	economic	cooperation	development	oecd	south	korea	regarded	developing	country	obliged	reduce	ghg	emissions	treaty	south	korea	highest	growth	rate	carbon	dioxide	emissions	world	fend	international	pressure	join	global	campaign	reduce	greenhouse	gases	longer	experts	note	statistics	released	international	energy	agency	iea	parisbased	agency	affiliated	oecd	south	korea	recorded	highest	growth	rate	carbon	dioxide	emissions	showing	percent	increase	terms	amount	emissions	south	korea	discharged	million	tons	carbon	dioxide	ranking	tenth	world	industrialized	countries	start	cutting	ghg	emissions	target	period	begins	south	korea	seventh	carbon	dioxideproducing	country	world	iea	figures	government	concrete	steps	cutback	greenhouse	gas	emissions	maintaining	waitandsee	approach	south	korea	country	status	position	voluntarily	express	action	yoon	jongsoo	director	global	environment	office	environment	ministry	estimate	korea	join	countries	cutting	emissions	plan	step	efforts	gradually	change	energy	structure	reduce	greenhouse	gases	promoting	research	renewable	energy	energyefficient	technologies	jun	mu	deputy	director	industry	environment	team	korea	chamber	commerce	industry	kcci	industries	passive	dealing	emission	reductions	considered	lie	future	start	gathering	opinions	business	leaders	korea's	ratification	treaty	continuing	promote	development	energyefficient	technologies	adding	special	committee	climate	change	formed	kcci	january	international	treaty	tackle	climate	change	envisioned	kyoto	years	due	conflicting	interests	developed	developing	countries	contentious	issues	emission	reduction	mechanisms	targets	effect	protocol	faced	danger	shelved	altogether	responsible	onefourth	emissions	world	decided	abruptly	withdraw	climate	change	treaty	march	bush	administration	fears	treaty	negative	effect	economy	maintains	developing	countries	china	india	subject	mandatory	emission	targets	due	strong	initiative	global	community	led	european	union	countries	agreed	set	rules	implement	climate	change	treaty	order	protocol	implemented	ratified	parties	including	industrialized	countries	represent	percent	total	carbon	dioxide	emissions	total	countries	ratified	treaty	korea	ratify
134--------------
topic:	117	february	cardoso	letter	president	ngos	history	forces	armed	embassy	plan
file label:kyoto
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	yukiko	tokyo	feb	kyodo	eds	clarifying	place	demonstration	conducted	adding	details	environmentalist	groups	staged	protest	alternative	kyoto	protocol	curbing	global	warming	embassy	tokyo	sunday	prior	president	george	bush's	arrival	capital	members	japanese	nongovernmental	organizations	ngos	opposed	alternative	pact	gathered	pm	tameikesanno	station	close	embassy	tokyo's	minato	ward	accept	means	regrettable	united	states	negative	stand	masaaki	nakajima	friends	earth	foe	japan	protesters	carried	banners	reading	ratify	kyoto	protocol	koizumi	bush	stick	kyoto	protocol	demonstration	heightened	security	embassy	tokyo	president's	visit	representatives	ngos	including	kiko	network	peace	boat	foe	japan	handed	letter	addressed	bush	guard	embassy	letter	ngos	japanese	environmental	ngos	concerned	climate	change	terribly	dismayed	climate	change	plan	thursday	bush	unveiled	plan	calls	voluntary	limits	greenhouse	gas	emissions	companies	accordance	economic	growth	mandatory	reduction	targets	bush	sparked	international	outcry	rejected	kyoto	protocol	march	sacrificing	economic	growth	plan	alternative	kyoto	protocol	current	greenhouse	gas	emissions	united	states	increase	compared	level	letter	demand	president	reconsider	climate	policy	plan	immediately	reenter	kyoto	protocol	kyoto	protocol	existing	international	framework	prevent	dangerous	climate	change	added	measures	tackle	global	warming	main	issues	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	bush	discuss	meet	monday	tokyo	japanese	officials	kiko	network	email	message	koizumi	urging	premier	call	bush	return	kyoto	protocol	early	stage	inform	japan's	plan	ratify	kyoto	protocol	diet	approves	ratification	current	diet	session	peace	boat	handed	separate	letter	addressed	president	guard	calling	leadership	helping	developing	countries	peaceful	dialogue	fair	economic	support	reference	sept	terrorist	attacks	york	washington	year	letter	push	japanese	government	government	cooperate	war	terrorism	called	stop	air	raids	afghanistan	cease	nuclear	experiments	reduce	military	bases	japan	requests
135--------------
topic:	141	climate	norway	quota	countries	system	kyoto	protocol	emissions	government	measures
file label:kyoto
tokyo	feb	afp	people	demonstrated	tokyo	sunday	bases	japan	military	campaign	afghanistan	president	george	bush's	arrival	official	visit	demonstrators	carried	banners	read	stop	war	bases	okinawa	japanese	southern	island	hosts	troops	stationed	japan	peaceful	protest	held	ebisu	park	kilometers	miles	west	embassy	president	stay	tuesday	arrested	police	firmly	oppose	bush's	war	expansion	policy	kenju	watanabe	official	japansouth	korea	people	solidarity	tokyobased	citizens	group	rally	government	plans	deploy	police	boost	security	bush's	visit	japan	president	japan's	cooperation	united	states	military	action	watanabe	japanese	warships	left	indian	ocean	tuesday	replace	vessels	support	usled	military	operations	afghanistan	japanese	parliament	passed	law	october	allowing	military	give	medical	logistical	support	forces	action	talibanruled	afghanistan	noncombat	zones	time	world	war	ii	parliament	passed	legislation	allowing	japanese	troops	support	military	action	japan	surrounding	areas	rally	held	embassy	members	environmental	nongovernmental	organizations	alternative	kyoto	climate	change	treaty	protesters	carried	banners	reading	ratify	kyoto	protocol	koizumi	bush	stick	kyoto	protocol	thursday	bush	unveiled	alternative	treaty	spurned	year	environmentalists	claim	proposal	benefits	corporate	america
136--------------
topic:	82	bush	gas	kyoto	emissions	plan	gdp	greenhouse	protocol	increase	countries
file label:kyoto
united	states	president	george	bush	finally	announced	country's	proposal	fighting	greenhouse	effect	months	rejected	kyoto	protocol	considered	scientific	basis	detrimental	economic	interests	unfair	obliging	mediumsized	nations	brazil	india	reduce	gas	emissions	proportion	imposed	industrialized	countries	bush	public	plan	promised	defects	kyoto	protocol	achieve	results	basically	bush	plan	reduction	pollution	gas	emissions	conditional	gross	domestic	product	gdp	growth	rate	emissions	gases	rise	slower	pace	gdp	problem	pointed	critics	bush	created	concept	greenhouse	gas	intensity	defined	volume	gas	emissions	divided	gdp	index	reduced	white	house	percent	years	government	emphasize	natural	tendency	economy	services	increase	participation	gdp	industrial	activities	biggest	energy	consumers	diminish	socalled	percent	reduction	greenhouse	gas	emissions	fact	represent	real	increase	absolute	quantity	gases	environmental	entities	calculate	bush's	plan	lead	us's	emitting	percent	greenhouse	gases	technical	arguments	matter	important	indisputable	conclusions	potentially	embarrassing	bush	administration	extremely	threatening	world	current	administration	faced	controversial	issue	situating	explicit	interests	companies	energy	sector	long	standing	ties	bush	leading	advisors	companies	suppose	ultimate	conflict	interests	increase	government's	persistent	alignment	goals	enron	scandal	significant	political	toll	bush	team	tend	increase	consequences	divorce	international	community	kyoto	protocol	case	conclusion	contrary	optimists	predicting	september	bush	decided	stick	arrogant	unilateralism	conducting	foreign	policy	break	kyoto	preattack	marker	bush	administration	demonstrated	latter's	absolute	indifference	opinion	closest	allies	germany	france	united	kingdom	japan	world	trade	center	pentagon	tragedies	thought	washington's	rapprochement	traditional	partners	inevitable	goal	defeating	threat	international	terrorism	period	shock	bush	resumed	solitary	road	demonstrated	state	union	speech	threatened	axis	evil	countries	iran	iraq	north	korea	consulting	europeans	japanese	necessarily	agree	appropriateness	antagonizing	governments	nations	announcement	plan	supposedly	alternative	kyoto	protocol	practice	rejects	countries	committed	brazil	deserves	rejection	response	provoke	retrospect	enormous	concern	world	superpower	intends	future
137--------------
topic:	18	protocol	countries	brazil	marrakesh	emissions	kyoto	international	change	conference	cdm
file label:kyoto
minister	science	technology	ronaldo	mota	sardenberg	headed	brazil's	delegation	seventh	conference	parties	framework	convention	climate	change	marrakesh	years	arduous	negotiations	marrakesh	conference	ended	successfully	hours	saturday	objective	complete	regulations	governing	kyoto	protocol	create	political	technical	conditions	latter's	ratification	international	community	protocol	effect	reduce	emissions	greenhouse	gases	industrialized	countries	combat	global	warming	atmosphere	benefit	wellbeing	future	generations	planet	problem	simple	minor	great	countries	including	brazil	helping	improve	knowledge	issue	latest	scientific	report	states	flatly	global	warming	observedabout	degree	celsiusis	due	human	activity	results	emission	carbon	dioxide	gases	temperature	atmosphere	rise	degrees	century	unmistakable	potentially	disastrous	effects	affected	world's	poorer	regions	brazil's	objectives	fully	achieved	understanding	prevailed	climate	change	global	presents	challenge	world's	leaders	decided	kyoto	set	goals	reducing	emissions	initially	industrialized	countries	distribution	resulting	burden	accepted	fair	international	community	forced	face	reality	prevent	effects	reduce	minimum	emissions	limited	cost	high	requires	change	energy	generated	means	transportation	agricultural	practices	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	frequently	interacted	world	leaders	overcome	obstacles	open	paths	negotiation	formidable	deadlock	occurred	meeting	hague	threatened	protocol's	future	meeting	bonn	july	year	efforts	delegations	including	brazil	played	leading	role	isolate	areas	negotiation	important	points	left	marrakesh	legal	status	protocol	question	object	political	accord	bonn	express	matter	satisfactory	terms	countries	companies	involved	won	assurance	marrakesh	actual	implementation	protocol	carried	legally	binding	manner	big	challenge	regulate	detail	compensation	mechanisms	reducing	emissions	interests	clean	development	mechanism	cdm	applies	countries	brazil	proper	regulation	finally	achieved	represents	balance	restrictions	free	mechanisms	ensure	reductions	realthat	physical	bookkeeping	exercisesand	time	flexibility	controls	burden	compensation	transactions	excessively	ensure	environmental	integrity	protocol	maintain	control	mechanism	big	challenge	concerns	land	change	land	forests	prevent	inclusion	activities	lead	real	reduction	emissions	simple	presence	aging	forests	controversy	subject	contributed	deadlock	conference	hague	year	pressure	include	activities	strong	view	cost	brazil	contributed	greatly	success	marrakesh	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	spoke	colleagues	bilateral	meetings	emphasized	french	national	assembly	general	assembly	multilateral	diplomacy	dealing	problem	involving	basic	principle	shared	differentiated	responsibility	part	countries	contributing	talks	ministers	key	countries	negotiations	ranging	china	india	nigeria	iran	argentina	developing	nations	japan	united	kingdom	france	germany	industrialized	countries	contributing	excellent	technical	preparation	mature	action	brazilian	delegation	consisted	experienced	negotiators	contributing	interested	wellorganized	participation	nongovernmental	sectors	brazil	including	private	sector	participation	demonstration	countries	government	private	sector	working	country's	interests	cdm	executive	committee	operating	kyoto	protocol	takes	effect	idea	cdm	originated	part	concept	successfully	advocated	brazil	kyoto	negotiations	ministerial	meeting	advocated	mechanism	activities	quickly	step	finally	accepted	marrakesh	brazil	elected	consensus	support	latin	america	cdm	executive	committee	kyoto	protocol	expresses	world's	political	dominant	norm	field	standpoint	international	public	law	united	states	declared	reasons	intend	ratify	giving	indications	adopt	domestic	measures	concepts	capable	harmonized	set	protocol	facilitate	convergence	international	system	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	announced	united	nations	submit	protocol	national	congress	ratification	predicted	sufficient	number	countries	protocol	effect	world	summit	sustainable	development	johannesburg	september	proof	anniversary	success	rio	conference	important	effort	began
138--------------
topic:	155	protocol	japan	kyoto	bush	countries	greenhouse	warming	global	gas	emissions
file label:kyoto
tokyo	feb	afp	japan	friday	welcomed	president	george	bush's	alternative	kyoto	protocol	reducing	greenhouse	gases	press	ratification	pact	rejected	government	japan	appreciates	announcement	climate	change	policy	government	united	states	february	demonstration	intention	address	issue	global	warming	foreign	minister	yoriko	kawaguchi	statement	minister	japan	press	ratification	kyoto	pact	global	warming	environment	ministers	countries	exception	united	states	agreed	morocco	november	marathon	talks	government	japan	intends	steps	ensure	approval	diet	kyoto	protocol	enactment	required	legislation	current	diet	session	important	establish	common	rule	future	countries	including	united	states	developing	countries	participate	statement	bush	raise	greenhouse	gas	matter	visits	japan	threeday	stay	starting	sunday	japan's	weakened	economy	expected	focus	talks	bush's	plan	revealed	speech	thursday	night	slow	emissions	growth	reducing	greenhouse	gas	intensity	ratio	emissions	economic	output	target	percent	years	kyoto	pact	bush	thursday	called	unsound	international	treaty	commits	countries	cut	emissions	greenhouse	gases	levels	timetable
139--------------
topic:	89	government	space	russian	station	international	ship	statement	including	initiative	problem
file label:kyoto
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	seoul	feb	yonhap	government	monday	announced	position	president	george	bush's	policy	control	greenhouse	gas	emissions	discussed	internationally	kyoto	protocol	international	treaty	adopted	control	greenhouse	gas	emissions	ministry	foreign	affairs	trade	statement	government	republic	korea	appreciates	continued	interest	shown	government	united	states	climate	change	efforts	presenting	february	initiative	address	issue	greatest	challenges	humankind	faces	century	statement	issued	foreign	minister	choi	sunghong	korean	government	notes	government	initiative	adopts	flexible	gradual	approach	reducing	greenhouse	gas	emissions	takes	consideration	concerns	developing	countries	statement	korean	government	view	order	initiative	discussed	detail	future	international	fora	greater	elaboration	needed	including	concrete	methods	establish	levels	greenhouse	gas	intensity	continued	parties	climate	change	convention	preparing	ratification	kyoto	protocol	adoption	implementation	rules	november	marrakesh	morocco	light	korean	government	believes	consultations	international	community	needed	build	understanding	initiative	statement	noted	adding	seoul	government	actively	participate	process	countries	including	united	states	prepared	ratification	kyoto	protocol	framework	requires	signatories	gradually	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	administration	led	president	george	bush	rejected	protocol	early	year	announced	policy	climate	change	aims	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	relative	gross	domestic	product	economic	activities	sept	terrorist	attacks	united	states	bush	administration	severely	blamed	international	community	rejecting	kyoto	protocol	countries	including	japan	germany	issued	statements	bush's	climate	change	policy	tones
140--------------
topic:	149	protocol	greenhouse	kyoto	countries	advanced	nations	gas	gases	korea	south
file label:kyoto
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	seoul	nov	yonhap	settlement	details	kyoto	protocol	putting	local	exporters	alert	kyoto	protocol	members	united	nations	framework	convention	climate	change	seventh	session	held	marrakech	morocco	start	month	protocol	prescribes	obligatory	reduction	greenhouse	gases	put	effect	nation's	export	heavily	damaged	kyoto	protocol	agreement	leading	industrialized	countries	japan	members	european	union	eu	lessen	greenhouse	gas	emissions	amounts	high	percent	levels	government	business	circle	expect	nation's	exports	damaged	direct	indirect	ways	advanced	nations	regulated	protocol	reason	south	korea's	industrial	structure	depends	heavily	export	products	including	durable	appliances	air	conditioner	automobiles	meet	intensified	environmental	standards	shipped	overseas	protocol	advanced	nations	standards	trade	barrier	pressures	advanced	countries	south	korea	cut	greenhouse	gas	emissions	expected	strengthen	south	korea	ranked	ninth	list	largest	greenhouse	gas	producers	korea's	percapita	emissions	close	advanced	countries	situation	nation	possibly	avoid	pressures	match	cuts	advanced	nations	japan	european	countries	persuade	developing	countries	including	south	korea	part	reduction	greenhouse	gases	earlier	planned	attempt	secure	united	states	ratification	protocol	backed	agreement	industries	handicapped	stringent	rules	developing	countries	simply	ignore	south	korea	declared	intention	discuss	duty	cut	greenhouse	gases	possibility	advanced	nations	wait	government	transform	current	industrial	structure	environmentfriendly	minimize	industries	host	energy	petrochemicals	cement	manufacturing	government	pour	lot	money	businesses	promote	energy	efficiency	april	survey	firms	country	conducted	korea	chamber	commerce	industry	kcci	percent	total	respondents	united	nations	framework	convention	climate	change	greatly	influence	local	firms	percent	replied	rushing	conform	protocol's	requirements	government	provide	domestic	firms	real	aid	tax	reductions	environmental	technology	development	abstractly	recommend	domestic	firms	promote	energy	efficiency	energy	consumption	industry	source	measures	comply	kyoto	protocol	mapped	early	nation's	competitiveness	manufacturing	sectors	weaken
141--------------
topic:	103	president	injustice	nations	united	kono	states	world	evil	support	fight
file label:kyoto
taro	kono	son	foreign	minister	yohei	kono	elected	house	liberal	democratic	party	member	wrote	critical	comment	president's	speech	japanese	diet	february	translated	excerpt	article	kono	published	email	magazine	gomameno	hagishiri	futile	resistance	february	kono	issues	email	magazine	daily	president	bush's	speech	thought	heckling	kyoto	protocol	ctbt	refrained	president	words	common	values	true	sharing	burden	sharing	power	sharing	needed	today's	japanus	relationship	united	states	ctbt	unacceptable	cares	bwc	kyoto	protocol	citizens	handguns	land	mines	sofa	revision	change	application	attack	iraq	acceptable	ambassadors	middle	eastern	countries	immediately	asked	thought	president's	speech	document	based	exclusively	content	behavior	selected	foreign	public	media	issued	coordination	government	components
142--------------
topic:	193	government	argentina	economic	sign	billion	argentine	national	signing	juneidi	gcep
file label:kyoto
amman	jordan	sign	kyoto	protocol	pact	impeding	global	greenhouse	gas	emissions	cabinet	decision	faris	juneidi	director	general	general	corporation	environment	protection	gcep	government	delegate	jordan's	representative	united	nations	hh	prince	zeid	ben	raad	sign	protocol	juneidi	told	jordan	times	tuesday	adding	exact	date	signing	environmental	agreement	set	conference	kyoto	japan	kyoto	protocol	legally	obliged	developed	countries	reduce	amount	greenhouse	gas	emissions	cent	levels	developed	countries	world's	main	source	largescale	air	pollution	jordan's	decision	sign	protocol	aimed	stressing	commitment	international	conventions	juneidi	signing	protocol	gcep	hopes	attract	funding	contribute	international	community's	efforts	reducing	greenhouse	gases	trap	heat	earth's	atmosphere	causing	climate	change	gcep	agency	operating	ministry	municipal	rural	affairs	environment	country's	point	reference	environmental	pacts	monday	european	union	member	states	agreed	formally	bound	kyoto	accord	complete	ratification	june	year	march	administration	opposed	protocol	contravenes	economic	interests	decision	slammed	european	union	countries	time	government	produced	alternative	climate	change	strategy	aimed	encouraging	industries	trim	emissions	developed	countries	canada	shown	reluctance	signing	kyoto	protocol	cut	national	gdp	cent	economic	damage	worth	billion	canadian	dollars	billion
143--------------
topic:	167	protocol	kyoto	emissions	climate	change	greenhouse	eu	states	ratification	countries
file label:kyoto
today	council	eu	environment	ministers	adopted	commission's	proposal	decision	ratify	kyoto	protocol	european	commission	strongly	welcomes	decision	decision	eu	reaffirmed	commitment	pursuing	multilateral	solutions	issues	global	concern	decision	ratify	protocol	eu	level	european	union	stays	true	ambition	enable	kyoto	protocol	force	world	summit	sustainable	development	augustseptember	decision	member	states	greenhouse	gas	reduction	commitments	socalled	burdensharing	agreement	agreed	june	legally	binding	eu	continues	call	united	states	participate	global	framework	addressing	climate	change	president	european	commission	romano	prodi	today	historical	moment	european	efforts	combat	climate	change	pleased	council	approved	kyoto	protocol	enabling	eu	proceed	ratification	confident	member	states	steps	order	simultaneous	ratification	european	community	june	eu	exercising	leadership	addressing	global	environmental	problem	bonn	marrakech	year	tackle	climate	change	effectively	multilateral	process	urge	partners	developed	developing	countries	ratify	kyoto	protocol	protocol	enter	force	world	summit	sustainable	development	summer	environment	commissioner	margot	wallstrom	stated	good	day	climate	sustainable	development	scientific	evidence	climate	change	stronger	countries	act	industrialised	countries	lead	protect	climate	reduce	emissions	targets	kyoto	protocol	step	prevent	severe	consequences	climate	change	action	fight	climate	change	vital	achieve	sustainable	development	wallstrom	added	convinced	improving	environment	technological	progress	enhance	competitiveness	economic	growth	sustainable	development	protecting	ecosystem	ensuring	economic	prosperity	commissioner	stated	grateful	strong	support	received	european	parliament	secure	timely	eu	ratification	pleased	confirmation	candidate	countries	track	ratify	commissioner	finally	welcomed	indications	japan	zealand	norway	preparing	ratification	strongly	called	notably	russia	fact	industrialised	countries	ratify	protocol	year	clear	signal	kyoto	protocol	legally	binding	targets	timetables	effective	international	framework	combating	global	warming	referring	president	bush's	climate	change	plan	announced	february	commissioner	noted	proposals	lead	reduction	greenhouse	gas	emissions	united	states	significant	increase	eu	legally	bound	today	reduce	emissions	continue	urge	united	states	return	kyoto	process	commissioner	concluded	stressing	eu	emission	reduction	measures	european	commission	proposed	measures	reduce	emissions	lowest	economic	cost	including	ecwide	emissions	trading	scheme	proposals	pipeline	member	states	responsibility	ensure	meet	burdensharing	targets	member	states	european	community's	instrument	ratification	deposited	united	nations	june	enable	entry	force	protocol	world	summit	sustainable	development	johannesburg	september
144--------------
topic:	165	climate	protection	states	percent	united	change	kyoto	policy	protocol	energy
file label:kyoto
weeks	important	developments	sides	atlantic	policy	pursued	combating	climate	change	europe	council	environment	ministers	concluded	formal	political	agreement	march	decision	ratify	kyoto	protocol	june	year	major	decision	european	union	opening	door	entry	force	kyoto	protocol	climate	protection	time	world	summit	sustainable	development	held	august	johannesburg	united	states	february	president	bush	presented	national	climate	protection	program	remembered	bush	kyoto	protocol	fundamentally	flawed	international	negotiations	climate	protection	collapsed	united	states	world's	biggest	emitter	greenhouse	gases	percent	global	emissions	withdrew	international	agreement	time	set	binding	targets	developed	countries	climate	protection	withdrawal	stop	world	community	deepening	important	multilateral	agreement	combating	climate	change	european	union	played	dominant	role	negotiations	community	states	concluded	bonn	marrakech	conferences	july	october	year	agreement	sets	implement	kyoto	protocol	original	mechanism	respecting	reduction	obligations	possibly	serve	model	agreements	suggests	strengthening	international	institutional	structures	environmental	field	ratified	parties	shortly	enter	force	parties	repeated	insistence	world	climate	protection	effective	united	states	takes	measures	comparable	europe	japan	climate	protection	program	falls	short	meeting	expectations	satisfaction	president	bush	recognize	fight	climate	change	conceal	extreme	weakness	announced	program	emissions	proportion	gdp	fall	percent	words	energy	efficiency	increase	percent	ambitious	percent	increase	energy	efficiency	event	expected	present	productivity	levels	addition	economy	continues	grow	increased	energy	efficiency	cancelled	cancelled	annual	economic	growth	objective	percent	absolute	emissions	percent	levels	improvement	energy	efficiency	comparison	respect	kyoto	protocol	requires	eu	reduce	emissions	percent	compared	japan	percent	united	states	percent	figure	accepted	president	clinton	warnings	climate	experts	unheeded	climate	protection	program	report	ipcc	panel	climate	called	rapid	decisive	action	avert	consequences	climate	change	scientists	estimate	industrialized	countries	reduce	emissions	percent	maintain	climate	change	acceptable	level	researchers	shown	determined	policy	climate	coordinated	international	level	consequences	climate	change	dramatic	average	global	temperature	increase	sea	levels	rise	cm	period	increasing	number	hurricanes	consequences	man	nature	cope	shift	climate	rainfall	zones	instigation	march	eu	environment	ministers	called	united	states	assume	responsibilities	framework	agreement	climate	change	stabilize	greenhouse	gas	emissions	levels	strengthen	domestic	actions	bring	line	level	effort	accepted	industrial	countries	application	kyoto	protocol	effects	climate	change	devastating	action	guided	economic	competition	europeans	fact	united	states	committing	ambitious	climate	protection	program	technologies	field	energy	efficiency	renewable	energy	technologies	future	fails	exploit	markets	outset	remain	lagging	demand	technologies	increasing	worldwide	liters	kilometers	car	high	efficiency	turbines	solar	panels	export	successes	development	driven	climate	protection	policy	growing	amplitude	today	difficult	find	buyers	united	states	fuelguzzling	cars	automobile	industry	reticence	reason	reduce	climate	protection	efforts	dominant	role	european	climate	protection	policy	benefits	economy	studies	show	active	policy	climate	protection	contrary	policy	full	employment	contrary	positive	effect	implementing	european	national	climate	protection	programs	succeed	creating	thousand	jobs	hope	united	states	realize	active	climate	protection	policy	environmental	policy	excellent	opportunity	modernize	industrial	society	kyoto	protocol	major	step	implemented	quickly	extended	initial	period	return	united	states	system	remain	goal	door	remains	wide	open	united	states	return	kyoto	process	biggest	emitter	greenhouse	gases	relieved	responsibilities	global	climate	protection
145--------------
topic:	155	protocol	japan	kyoto	bush	countries	greenhouse	warming	global	gas	emissions
file label:kyoto
president	george	bush	presented	february	alternative	plan	kyoto	protocol	designed	slow	global	warming	proposal	places	obligation	whatsoever	industrialists	based	voluntary	measures	tax	incentives	white	house	hastened	describe	bush	plan	audacious	program	american	history	aiming	reducing	power	station	gas	emissions	environmentalists	immediately	attacked	proposal	valentine's	day	gift	polluters	carl	pope	director	sierra	club	major	environmental	protection	associations	mince	words	describing	plan	replace	kyoto	protocol	presented	thursday	february	president	george	bush	alternative	plan	slowing	global	warming	moves	binding	measures	implementation	kyoto	protocol	approved	countries	marrakech	rejected	march	president	bush	deemed	harmful	economy	reproached	imposing	constraints	industrialized	countries	version	bases	contrary	preceding	plan	proposed	washington	thursday	longer	binding	procedure	based	voluntary	measures	tax	incentives	advocates	voluntarist	approach	fight	global	warming	linking	objectives	greenhouse	gas	reduction	economic	growth	white	house	reduce	intensity	greenhouse	gas	emission	generated	economy	years	objective	bush	administration	comparable	imposed	kyoto	protocol	moment	bush	simply	proposes	curb	increase	harmful	gas	emissions	counting	good	industrialists	account	greenhouse	gas	produced	industrialized	countries	opposed	europe	objectives	set	plan	slow	stop	growth	emissions	harmful	gases	scientific	studies	justify	diminish	aim	polluting	emissions	tonnes	million	dollars	gdp	tonnes	encourage	industry	consumers	demonstrate	environmental	public	spiritedness	bush	proposes	tax	incentives	billion	adoption	renewable	sources	energy	bush	calls	india	china	act	president	asserted	determination	win	developing	countries	plan	stating	approach	give	yardstick	progress	climate	recognizes	economic	development	asserted	allusion	binding	objectives	kyoto	protocol	unjust	counterproductive	condemn	developing	countries	weak	nonexistant	economic	growth	insisting	adopt	unrealistic	greenhouse	gas	reduction	targets	bush	affirm	united	states	interfere	countries	opting	ratification	kyoto	protocol	intention	working	nations	developing	nations	convince	approach	exists	president	george	bush	considered	irresponsible	india	china	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	developing	nations	china	india	account	majority	world's	greenhouse	gas	emissions	irresponsible	absolve	shouldering	shared	obligations	fight	global	warming	discontent	environmentalists	administration	concerned	approach	posible	stabilize	greenhouse	gas	concentrations	atmosphere	long	run	sustaining	economic	growth	needed	finance	investments	cleaner	energy	structure	white	house	hastened	describe	bush	plan	audacious	program	american	history	aiming	reducing	power	station	gas	emissions	save	administration	billion	compared	costs	binding	rules	lead	environmentalists	immediately	attacked	proposal	philip	clapp	president	national	environment	trust	sums	general	thrust	reaction	environmental	movements	reason	polluters	suddenly	reasonable	carl	pope	director	sierra	club	considers	part	bush	administration	sticking	polluting	policies	energy	industry	asked	steps	protect	health	steve	sawyer	greenpeace	international's	climate	experts	plan	effect	emissions	assuming	making	champion	global	fight	greenhouse	effect	united	states	moving	direction	rest	international	community	kyoto	protocol	greenpeace
146--------------
topic:	167	protocol	kyoto	emissions	climate	change	greenhouse	eu	states	ratification	countries
file label:kyoto
jaume	matas	minister	environment	spanish	presidency	eu	margot	wallstrom	commissioner	environment	european	commission	clear	proposals	action	climate	change	domestic	eu	concerned	sufficient	reduce	emissions	intensity	target	proposed	increases	absolute	emissions	sufficient	effectively	fight	climate	change	contrary	kyoto	protocol	requires	industrialised	countries	achieve	absolute	emission	reductions	foresee	growing	economies	climate	change	convention	party	requires	industrialised	countries	stabilise	greenhouse	gas	emissions	levels	achieving	step	stabilising	global	greenhouse	gas	concentrations	level	prevent	dangerous	climate	change	ultimate	objective	convention	subscribed	plan	lead	stabilisation	lead	increase	absolute	emission	levels	years	greenhouse	gas	emissions	intensity	relation	gdp	falling	bush	plan	based	prolongation	trend	effect	foreseeing	continuation	businessasusual	path	current	emission	projections	increase	levels	intensity	improvements	reduce	substantial	increase	absolute	emissions	eu	concerned	purely	voluntary	nature	actions	proposed	review	effectiveness	measures	place	striking	approach	considered	beneficial	air	pollutants	implement	capandtrade	programmes	extended	emissions	power	sector	eu	opinion	capandtrade	system	costeffective	measure	reduce	emissions	combines	guaranteed	environmental	result	flexibility	reduce	emissions	costly	eu	intends	implement	capandtrade	system	covering	emissions	eu	welcomes	fact	bush	administration	completed	policy	review	put	intends	terms	domestic	climate	change	policy	proposals	president	bush	represent	step	direction	economic	operators	asked	contribute	emission	control	mandatory	monitoring	reporting	emissions	company	level	adequately	assess	proposals	president	bush	represent	effort	comparable	kyoto	protocol	eu	determined	proceed	ratification	kyoto	protocol	june	view	entry	force	time	world	summit	sustainable	development	eu	continue	current	path	emission	reduction	optimistic	major	players	notably	japan	russia	join	efforts	eu	examine	assess	proposals	president	bush	weeks	continue	dialogue	basis
147--------------
topic:	198	prisoners	british	photographs	united	detainees	states	sunday	humanely	war	bay
file label:kyoto
omitted	bush	administration's	budget	controlling	climate	attitudes	australia	canada	european	union	china	terms	kyoto	president	preferred	realistic	attitude	hard	fully	eliminate	pollutant	gas	emissions	decade	realistic	idea	easier	persuade	main	polluting	agents	measures	providing	incentives	constraint	matter	cynical	administration	concerned	recession	relaunching	economy	greenhouse	effect
148--------------
topic:	41	covenants	emissions	kyoto	benchmark	companies	sector	rights	emission	sectors	energy
file label:kyoto
federal	local	authorities	preparing	ratification	kyoto	international	protocol	limiting	emission	greenhouse	gases	framework	protocol	belgium	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions	percent	compared	period	formal	ratification	kyoto	protocol	parliaments	concerned	countries	protocol	equivalent	belgian	law	implies	agrees	kyoto	protocol	binding	country's	inhabitants	institutions	readily	accept	good	intentions	part	government	country's	sectors	comply	kyoto	standards	broad	social	debate	conducted	crucial	question	sector	target	group	contribute	achieving	belgian	kyoto	standard	debate	failed	place	understandable	sectors	ranging	processing	manufacturing	industrial	sector	electricity	sector	tertiary	sector	transport	sector	residential	sector	utmost	future	efforts	small	acceptable	strikingly	illustrated	belgian	largescale	industry	great	efforts	years	energy	intensity	energy	unit	final	product	improved	considerably	considerable	increase	production	expected	belgium	years	efficient	processes	carbon	dioxide	emissions	rise	largescale	industry	wishes	counter	expected	rise	socalled	benchmark	covenants	nutshell	benchmarking	means	companies	compare	energy	efficiency	similar	plants	covenants	companies	pledge	rank	world	leaders	energy	efficiency	return	commitment	exempted	additional	flemish	emission	restrictions	taxes	emissions	negotiable	emission	rights	belgian	industry	advocating	benchmark	covenants	afraid	absolute	limit	weaken	considerably	competitive	position	respect	similar	companies	regions	kyoto	protocol	ratified	industry	relocation	resulting	job	losses	solution	disregards	fact	arguments	purely	financial	play	part	location	decisions	companies	region	favorable	location	seaports	availability	knowhow	welleducated	personnel	stable	political	climate	covenants	insufficient	guarantees	achieve	belgianflemish	reduction	targets	economically	efficient	manner	principle	benchmarking	raises	questions	emerge	comparison	domestic	foreign	companies	companies	rank	world	leaders	energy	efficiency	present	plan	achieve	highest	energy	efficiency	time	benchmarking	sufficient	viewpoint	economic	efficiency	realizing	kyoto	restrictions	emissions	lowest	costs	society	costefficient	division	efforts	implies	sector	limit	emissions	point	additional	costs	extra	ton	reduction	sectors	result	costs	additional	restrictions	emissions	industry	compared	sectors	transport	sector	households	service	sector	benchmarking	guarantees	companies	belong	top	class	class's	performance	compared	universe	benchmark	covenants	guarantee	external	climate	costs	energy	increased	greenhouse	effect	caused	burning	fossil	fuels	correctly	account	final	products	sectors	concerned	account	external	climate	costs	essential	users	energyintensive	goods	confronted	consequences	choice	product	energyintensive	products	enjoy	relative	advantage	questions	asked	emission	restrictions	achieved	covenants	companies	urged	proposed	covenants	adopt	measures	economic	cost	recovery	period	years	internal	rate	return	greater	straightlined	obligation	highly	unclear	measures	lead	extra	reductions	emissions	comparison	business	usual	scenario	additional	policy	efforts	fourth	contrast	benchmark	covenants	relative	emissions	standards	belgian	government's	absolute	restrictions	emissions	framework	kyoto	protocol	industry	pinned	absolute	emissions	ceiling	government	feels	committed	absolute	ceiling	industry	foisting	efforts	sectors	society	benchmark	covenants	industrial	greenhouse	gas	emissions	increase	considerably	years	offset	commensurate	reduction	emissions	transport	sector	services	households	benchmark	covenants	significant	consequences	sectors	target	groups	society	involved	deliberations	covenants	broad	social	debate	contribute	realizing	kyoto	standards	urgently	shortcomings	role	reserved	instrument	benchmark	covenants	benchmark	covenants	reconciled	european	commission's	proposals	launching	unified	market	european	carbon	dioxide	emissions	european	proposal	assumes	absolute	restrictions	emissions	companies	obtain	rights	emit	number	tons	carbon	dioxide	irreconcilable	sight	flemish	benchmark	covenants	benchmark	covenants	opportune	settling	initial	allocation	emission	rights	companies	allocated	rights	basis	energy	efficiency	standard	condition	prepared	accept	absolute	emissions	ceiling	emit	instance	output	increasing	considerably	purchase	emission	rights	companies	surplus	rights	great	advantage	negotiable	emission	rights	system	lead	costefficient	division	effort	sectors	target	groups	benchmark	covenants	allocate	emission	rights	initially	good	points	covenants	retained	drawbacks	eliminated	case	high	time	social	debate	organized	division	effort	achieve	kyoto	aims	division	takes	account	sector's	possibilities	borne	target	groups	guarantees	belgium	achieve	kyoto	aims	draconian	measures	adopted	eleventh	hour
149--------------
topic:	29	emissions	russia	kyoto	greenhouse	protocol	climate	countries	warming	atmosphere	percent
file label:kyoto
agenda	tomorrow's	meeting	russian	government	question	ratification	kyoto	protocol	highly	important	international	document	supposed	reduce	emissions	greenhouse	gases	atmosphere	days	initiative	foundation	integrated	applied	research	problem	wellknown	scientists	small	circle	experts	presence	smaller	circle	journalists	attempted	define	russia's	place	global	climatic	strategy	member	nations	eu	announced	fall	conference	morocco	firm	intentions	ratify	kyoto	protocol	iceland	japan	australia	canada	ready	join	ratification	world	community	hopeful	solve	problems	brought	convention	climate	change	proposal	shelter	umbrella	raise	problem	years	soviet	scientist	mikhail	budyko	curve	graph	air	temperature	earth's	surface	stratum	inexorably	moving	upper	righthand	corner	participants	debate	proceeded	postulate	earth's	atmosphere	heating	years	matter	reasons	alarming	phenomenon	completely	clear	experts	offer	interpretations	consequences	global	warming	rumor	late	author	greenhouse	model	told	academician	roald	sagdeyev	uneasy	americans	model	suggests	russia's	agriculture	gain	global	warming	america's	agriculture	lose	sagdeyev	looked	budyko	interest	buy	grain	andrey	gudkov	expert	center	strategic	studies	budyko	insisting	russia	canada	alaska	gain	lands	situated	condition	permafrost	gradually	turn	fertile	soils	agricultural	production	rich	russian	fields	stretch	arctic	zone	small	comfort	humankind	gudkov	proposes	blocking	sun	umbrella	suspended	space	expert	immediately	sketched	blackboard	mixing	chemical	symbols	rockets	carry	metallic	sodium	orbits	earth	cooling	aerosols	dispersed	polar	zones	prevent	overheating	tundra	sunny	summer	nights	true	sunscreening	space	umbrella	author's	chance	opening	due	politicaleconomic	circumstances	idea	captivated	masses	remove	trousers	start	investing	immediately	project	expert	urged	despair	control	global	warming	russia	impossible	country	owner	controlling	block	shares	gudkov's	view	developing	time	global	warming	threat	southern	countries	obvious	incredible	speaker's	ardor	cooled	wellknown	sergey	kapitsa	inclined	give	rapture	advantages	promised	russia	questions	predicted	amount	future	warming	degrees	professor	believes	kind	happened	planet	years	drilled	ice	cap	antarctica	years	helps	comprehend	happened	climate	addition	suggestion	sixth	continent	good	idea	recall	great	flood	depicted	bible	world's	mythologies	predicting	future	learn	predict	kapitsa	summed	view	bad	idea	scientific	community	draws	sorts	forecasts	plans	action	flow	seek	science	paleoclimatology	gain	broad	understanding	data	wanted	argue	master	consensus	arrived	climate	changed	occurred	speed	terminological	refinements	prof	viktor	danilovdanilyan	maintain	speak	warming	global	climatic	warming	aspect	cited	reason	scientist	continues	increase	greenhouse	effect	due	larger	concentration	greenhouse	gases	atmosphere	concentration	grows	turn	written	due	burning	huge	quantity	organic	fuel	oil	natural	gas	coal	wood	peat	industry	transport	agriculture	households	climatic	change	increase	greenhouse	effect	attendance	argue	contrary	solidarity	view	impossible	explain	models	models	flawed	including	greenhouse	model	dispute	warming	underway	contribution	human	beings	alarming	condition	large	percent	lies	stove	country	controlling	block	shares	russia	kyoto	protocol	die	states	behave	badly	simply	obligated	ratify	document	conclusion	arrived	table	gist	kyoto	terms	quotas	sold	emissions	neighbor	reason	strike	advantageous	deal	true	clause	stirring	lot	questions	long	time	discussants	presented	differing	views	trading	air	participants	line	extremely	russia	hot	air	percent	short	permitted	level	emissions	country	dominant	seller	market	greater	stake	ratification	kyoto	protocol	gain	fact	compliance	nations	terms	protocol	lead	higher	demand	gas	huge	resources	doubts	russia	ratify	document	deeply	mistaken	true	position	yemelya's	happiness	worry	future	development	country	technological	economic	fortunately	supporters	idea	lying	stove	opponent	nikolay	ratsiborinskiy	senior	adviser	foreign	ministry's	department	international	organizations	role	opinion	russia	gain	perturbations	climate	false	determine	position	diplomatic	service	proceed	premise	strategy	natureconservation	efforts	profitable	costly	impossible	solve	problems	environmental	protection	kyoto	mechanism	costly	lies	fact	implementation	tied	market	mechanism	life	change	uneconomical	short	exert	buy	neighbor's	quota	spend	money	brain	invest	development	natureconservation	technologies	homeland's	efforts	boil	dealing	hot	air	provide	impetus	start	high	technologies	knock	russia	group	countries	striving	rational	development	european	union	time	recall	energy	requirements	russian	output	highest	world	graph	ed	foreign	ministry	ratsiborinskiy	clarifying	agency's	position	recommends	government	move	ratify	view	smolenskaya	square	impact	national	efforts	greater	integrated	efforts	eu	assessment	foreign	ministry	official	brilliant	exclaimed	aleksandr	ginzburg	deputy	director	institute	atmospheric	physics	read	heard	kyoto	protocol	hard	disagree	background	document	kyoto	protocol	adopted	japanese	city	kyoto	aimed	reducing	concentration	greenhouse	gases	atmosphere	assigns	countries	quotas	emissions	today	nations	developed	countries	cis	countries	signed	kyoto	protocol	ratified	russia	signed	document	years	march	russia	world	total	emissions	china	russia's	emissions	great	germany	japan	fourth	places	american	signed	document	year	president	bush	announced	impose	regulations	country	discharge	greenhouse	gases	atmosphere	meant	effect	withdrew	accords	preceded	kyoto	protocol	preceded	framework	convention	climate	change	adopted	entered	force	march	total	nations	parties	convention	including	russia	developed	countries	cis	countries	convention	designed	unite	efforts	prevent	dangerous	climate	achieve	stabilization	content	greenhouse	gases	atmosphere	safe	level	decision	adopted	conference	convention	participants	berlin	phased	actions	restrict	emissions	greenhouse	gases	create	system	ecologicaleconomic	relations	facts	greenhouse	gases	principal	responsible	percent	greenhouse	effect	methane's	contribution	percent	facts	estimates	ministry	economic	development	ministry	energy	russia's	total	carbondioxide	emissions	percent	level	means	russia	offer	carbon	market	emission	quotas	billion	tons	cash	equivalent	tens	billions	dollars	background	ecologicaleconomic	meaning	kyoto	protocol	international	document	market	mechanism	approach	solving	global	ecological	problems	economic	mechanisms	international	cooperation	russia	percent	emissions	main	greenhouse	gas	burning	fossil	fuels	coal	oil	gas	means	problem	reducing	emissions	problem	energy	efficiency	energy	saving	potential	utilized	small	degree	reserves	left	eu	countries	japan	carrying	project	reducing	emissions	russia	cheaper	developed	countries	obligations	foreign	countries	kyoto	protocol	developed	countries	transitional	economies	reduce	emissions	greenhouse	gases	percent	recognized	baseline	year	reduction	level	varies	japan	members	eu	reduce	emissions	percent	level	limitation	reduction	emissions	developed	countries	zealand	norway	australia	iceland	received	increase	emissions	country	fails	quota	sell	surplus	russia's	obligations	kyoto	protocol	mild	country	required	reduce	emissions	years	exceed	volume	approach	based	fact	russia's	emissions	today	percent	forecasts	baseline	level	reached	years	substantiated	detail	rf	energy	strategy	government	adopted	framework	protocol	country	maintain	records	monitor	emissions	emission	quotas	regulate	quotas	requires	creating	national	system	inventorying	emissions	establishing	special	registration	center	maintain	records	quotas	outward	complexity	task	creation	recordkeeping	monitoring	system	complicated	expensive	goskomstat	statistical	reporting	forms	enterprises	fill	virtually	complete	data	experts	opinion	happy	climate	change	people	russia	fuel	save	warming	uniform	temperature	rises	degrees	range	fluctuations	widen	degrees	fuel	average	winter	winters	colder	harshest	previous	happen	overly	warm	summer	seasons	happen	industrial	transport	facilities	housing	infrastructure	built	permafrost	turn	muddy	swamp	unbalancing	climate	negative	effect	ecosystems	species	disappearing	conversely	starting	multiply	unprecedented	speed	gangster	species	appearing	locust	moving	north	hard	today	happen	edaphic	microflora	fundamental	importance	soil	fertility	microflora	stop	reproducing	humus	higher	plants	die	agricultural	crops	stop	growing	timber	start	dry	glaciers	antarctica	greenland	melt	level	world's	oceans	rise	russia	lot	lowlying	areas	st	petersburg	enormous	territory	western	siberia	risks	turning	sea	viktor	danilovdanilyan	doctor	economics	president	international	university	ecology	political	science	activities	ruining	nature	models	today	answer	question	climate	changing	varying	degrees	persuasiveness	sense	models	explain	problem	present	stage	study	small	climatic	models	scientists	studying	life	models	life	real	climatic	system	extent	reflect	real	life	progress	gaining	knowledge	tremendous	institute	institute	systems	analysis	russian	academy	sciences	computer	center	begun	studying	role	climate	change	individual	regions	russia	order	forecast	economic	development	results	speak	important	area	inquiry	appeared	general	warming	completely	phenomena	place	polar	regions	climate	pronounced	middle	latitudes	result	temperature	change	equatorial	middle	latitudes	great	deal	polar	regions	lead	dispersion	active	socalled	obstruction	stagnant	situation	manifest	atmosphere	observed	case	lengthy	thaw	center	russia	incidentally	year's	incredibly	cold	winter	primorskiy	kray	possibly	property	strange	prolonged	stagnant	cold	spells	result	global	warming	ventilation	atmosphere	ideas	blocking	shields	umbrellas	answer	kyoto	protocol	proposes	adapting	climate	change	proposals	erect	screens	shoot	cooling	aerosols	atmosphere	humankind	incredible	damage	nature	emit	greenhouse	gases	thaw	frozen	regions	emit	methane	destroy	forests	south	deserts	expanding	process	alters	heat	exchange	earth's	surface	atmosphere	actions	accompanied	deterioration	climate	situation	frightening	suspend	umbrella	screen	vein	aleksandr	ginzburg	deputy	director	institute	atmospheric	physics
150--------------
topic:	35	sanctions	mdc	zimbabwe	president	mugabe	tsvangirai	government	leader	court	africa
file label:mugabe
mdc	leader	tsvangirai	south	africa	herald	reporter	opposition	youths	agitating	guns	shoot	president	mugabe	office	mdc	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	south	africa	yesterday	speaking	address	cape	town	press	club	tsvangirai	visit	south	africa	quoted	reuters	rein	militants	keen	fight	president	mugabe's	rule	choice	commit	constitutional	path	obstacles	resort	violent	overthrow	violent	means	quoted	people	years	years	guns	shoot	man	office	dangerous	tsvangirai	endorsed	united	states	proposal	targeted	sanctions	president	mugabe	members	government	full	economic	sanctions	ruinous	mistake	congress	set	zimbabwe	democracy	economic	recovery	bill	seeks	impose	sanctions	harare	tsvangirai	called	international	action	ensure	free	fair	presidential	election	opposed	steps	plunge	country	deeper	recession	pushed	unemployment	inflation	interest	rates	percent	sanctions	imposed	zimbabwe	survive	mdc	reluctant	stage	endorse	sanctions	option	time	mugabe	subverts	electoral	process	extreme	international	sanctions	option	support	limitations	villains	crisis	zimbabwe	tsvangirai	face	charges	contravening	law	order	maintenance	act	allegedly	threatening	violently	remove	president	mugabe	power	year	trial	set	start	high	court	case	referred	high	court	challenged	legality	loma	supreme	court	superior	court	heard	state	defence	arguments	legality	charges	laid	opposition	leader	reserved	judgment	supreme	court	rules	favour	tsvangirai	convicted	charges	face	life	imprisonment	attorney	general's	office	draw	charge	appeal	fails	matter	referred	high	court	trial	charges	mdc	leader	arose	allegedly	told	crowd	party's	anniversary	year	zvatichada	mugabe	today	peacefully	peacefully	remove	violently	state	constituted	breach	loma	mdc	leader	alleged	government	provoke	protests	excuse	suspend	democracy	analysts	expressed	concern	mdc	leader	flirting	mercenaries	south	africa	speak	language	violence	zimbabwe	concerned	playing	fire	zimbabwe's	performance	mozambique	somalia	drc	speaks	quickest	defeat	tsvangirai	mdc	lot	chose	path	violence	analyst	spoke	condition	anonymity
151--------------
topic:	156	election	mugabe	president	zimbabwe	poll	african	elections	vote	africa	victory
file label:mugabe
mugabe	confident	victory	historic	zimbabwe	vote	hararezimbabwean	president	robert	mugabe	predicted	victory	saturday	cast	ballots	presidential	local	elections	primary	school	harare's	workingclass	suburb	highfield	asked	accept	results	hotly	contested	election	mugabe	accept	accept	won	guerrilla	leader	governed	independence	swipe	colonial	power	britain	western	nations	prejudged	vote	president	zimbabwe	remain	president	zimbabwe	told	reporters	school	mugabe	faced	widespread	criticism	sanctions	european	union	united	states	alleged	rights	violations	manipulation	election	process	tinkering	left	voting	procedures	confusing	harare	mugabe	top	aides	appeared	unsure	president	vote	mugabe	expected	turn	mhofu	school	highfield	state	television	truck	posted	broadcasting	live	polls	opened	early	saturday	mugabe's	ministers	senior	aides	hand	leader	cast	ballot	throng	reporters	camera	operators	turned	president	perform	civic	duty	kudzanai	school	highfield	mugabe	vote	ward	order	cast	ballots	president	mayor	harare	holding	elections	simultaneously	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	complained	setup	deliberately	confusing	ploy	discourage	urban	vote	thought	favor	mugabe's	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	afp	pakistan	observer
152--------------
topic:	14	mugabe	election	government	zimbabwe	tsvangirai	mdc	president	intimidation	victory	harare
file label:mugabe
mugabe	victory	leaves	west	tatters	harare	western	countries	left	frustrated	impotent	robert	mugabe	formally	declared	overwhelmingly	won	zimbabwe's	presidential	election	extent	mugabe	outmanoeuvred	west	clear	southern	african	countries	issued	surprise	statement	declaring	conduct	election	free	fair	move	scupper	hope	commonwealth	suspending	zimbabwe	week	weekend	european	union	prodded	britain	planning	extend	range	sanctions	zimbabwe	targeting	members	leadership	earlier	year	eu	imposed	travel	ban	mugabe	members	regime	froze	overseas	assets	illusions	britain	europe	measures	real	leverage	harare	zimbabwe	registrargeneral	tobaiwa	mudede	declared	mugabe	won	term	office	results	constituencies	returned	mugabe	won	votes	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	leader	movement	democratic	change	mdc	foresaw	electoral	fraud	daylight	robbery	tsvangirai	find	unable	endorse	purported	election	president	robert	mugabe	zimbabwe's	president	election	biggest	election	fraud	witnessed	life	mdc	leader	onus	people	lead	passively	seek	confrontation	state	people	decide	action	harare	townships	people	stood	line	days	vote	belief	consigning	mugabe	history	angry	residents	looked	tsvangirai	confront	government	tsvangirai	mugabe	steal	election	noel	gukuta	youthful	mdc	voter	soldiers	guns	fight	rule	strike	march	show	goats	country	news	mugabe's	victory	great	celebrations	protests	government	sensing	murmurs	revolt	put	army	full	alert	deployed	troops	key	townships	police	set	roadblocks	main	roads	harare	stop	search	vehicles	weapons	uk	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	months	government	zimbabwe	conducted	systematic	campaign	violence	intimidation	designed	achieve	outcome	power	costs	senior	state	department	official	washington	steps	happened	elections	result	main	jolt	yesterday	election	observers	south	africa	nigeria	namibia	effectively	endorsed	election	considered	view	election	free	fair	reflects	wishes	people	zimbabwe	namibia's	observer	team	statement	adding	poll	watertight	room	rigging	south	african	team	election	legitimate	nigerian	observers	threatened	integrity	poll	commonwealth	trio	decide	action	week	australia	suspension	south	african	leader	thabo	mbeki	nigerian	president	olusegun	obasanjo	zimbabwe	leadership	congress	trade	unions	calling	twoday	general	strike	test	popular	support	longer	protest	civil	rights	groups	meeting	today	discuss	mass	civil	disobedience	mdc's	lawyers	studying	possibility	legal	action	final	results	mugabe	net	gain	votes	compared	parliamentary	election	province	country	evidence	vote	tampering	areas	ballots	dropped	box	cross	mugabe's	fraudulent	criticism	count	runaway	victory	justice	minister	patrick	chinamasa	won	issue	landdawnthe	guardian	news	service	dawn	group	newspapers
153--------------
topic:	157	party	united	prisoners	states	mugabe	government	monday	foreign	opposition	people's
file label:mugabe
mugabe	wide	awake	polls	author	ap	tuesday	march	pm	harare	zimbabwe	defiant	president	robert	mugabe	party	lost	ground	opposition	complacency	win	weekend's	presidential	elections	state	radio	reported	tuesday	wide	awake	mugabe	rally	monday	movement	democratic	change	win	mugabe	opposition	donkey	controlled	british	colonial	power	fledgling	mdc	won	elected	seats	june	parliamentary	elections	mugabe's	popularity	plunged	economic	devastation	chaos	state	department	released	human	rights	report	zimbabwe	monday	accused	government	extrajudicial	killings	undermining	independence	judiciary	waging	systematic	campaign	violence	targeting	supporters	potential	supporters	opposition	security	forces	tortured	opponents	ruling	party	militants	abducted	people	police	arrested	opposition	supporters	victims	crimes	freedom	press	freedom	assembly	severely	restricted	report	speech	monday	mugabe	thanked	african	leaders	refusing	buckle	pressure	suspend	zimbabwe	commonwealth	britain	territories	summit	grouping	australia	britain	australia	canada	zealand	demanded	suspension	zimbabwe	commonwealth	protest	statesponsored	violence	human	rights	abuses	opposition	mugabe	decision	defer	suspension	commonwealth	observers	report	election	victory	britain's	attempts	introduce	form	apartheid	serve	western	interests	developing	countries	tendai	biti	mdc's	foreign	affairs	spokesman	mugabe	hide	policies	violence	intimidation	rift	britain	zimbabwebritain	crisis	people	brutalised	fellow	black	zimbabweans	issue	african	brothers	understood	african	leaders	closed	ranks	commonwealth	summit	fear	power	problems	human	rights	good	governance	mirrored	countries	biti	staterun	herald	newspaper	government	mouthpiece	tuesday	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	showed	personal	arrogance	obsession	mugabe	shallowness	commitment	democracy	election	saturday	sunday	presents	strongestever	challenge	mugabe's	rule	opposition	accuses	government	violence	intimidation	security	laws	cow	voters	prevent	effectively	campaigning	foreign	diplomats	based	harare	monday	police	prevented	finishing	meeting	monday	mdc	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	police	declared	meeting	ambassadors	members	staffs	illegal	security	laws	requiring	police	permission	political	gatherings	tsvangirai	called	meeting	discuss	food	shortages	gripping	zimbabwe	measures	party	combat	diplomats	police	comment	state	radio	reported	monday	opposition	lawmakers	bribe	zimbabwe's	air	force	commander	calm	security	forces	mugabe	removed	opposition	officials	claim	part	government	smear	campaign	foreign	governments	pressed	mugabe	restore	rule	law	president	promised	violence	escalated	dozens	killed	february	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
154--------------
topic:	151	taiwan	united	taiwan's	china	states	japan	missiles	president	independence	forces
file label:mugabe
zambia	hails	result	lusaka	zambian	president	levy	mwanawasa	yesterday	hailed	reelection	zimbabwean	counterpart	robert	mugabe	called	defeated	opponent	morgan	tsvangirai	accept	controversial	result	pleased	learn	reelection	president	robert	mugabe	president	zimbabwe	mwanawasa	statement	chairman	organisation	african	unity	president	friendly	neighbour	congratulate	president	mugabe	reelection	mwanawasa	losing	presidential	candidates	zambia's	december	vote	petitioned	supreme	court	nullify	results	charging	mwanawasa	won	election	fraud	sapaafp
155--------------
topic:	6	mugabe	tsvangirai	election	mdc	zimbabwe	votes	opposition	results	harare	violence
file label:mugabe
mugabe	wins	poll	claims	rigging	harare	march	afp	zimbabwe's	longtime	ruler	robert	mugabe	swept	victory	wednesday	presidential	elections	vote	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	declared	rigged	unacceptable	registrar	general	tobaiwa	mudede	announced	state	television	mugabe	reelected	votes	votes	tsvangirai	leader	movement	democratic	change	mdc	declare	robert	mugabe	winner	office	presidency	zimbabwe	mudede	observers	warned	outcome	rigged	violence	explode	volatile	southern	african	nation	results	announced	heavily	armed	soldiers	moved	zimbabwe's	city	bulawayao	surrounded	mdc	offices	opposition	officials	gathered	defence	minister	sydney	sekeramayi	put	security	forces	highest	level	alert	state	media	police	roadblocks	main	roads	leading	central	harare	security	forces	patrolling	city	police	officers	stationed	mdc	headquarters	tsvangirai	rejected	mugabe's	election	victory	hand	election	massively	rigged	told	packed	press	conference	mdc	accept	result	foreign	governments	dismissed	outcome	announced	threatening	leave	mugabe	internationally	isolated	victory	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	cited	strong	evidence	mugabe	zimbabwe's	vote	outcome	implications	nature	relationship	zimbabwe	state	department	spokeswoman	lynn	cassel	wait	final	results	abundantly	clear	flawed	election	mdc	leadership	due	meet	wednesday	discuss	poll	results	tsvangirai	due	address	media	conference	national	executive	meeting	figures	give	reaction	party	david	coltart	mdc	mp	put	mildly	figures	odd	turnouts	cities	massive	rural	areas	unprecedented	country	polling	stations	harare	reduced	cent	favour	increase	voting	outlets	rural	areas	considered	mugabe's	support	base	people	registered	vote	harare	province	cent	days	polling	began	saturday	milelong	queues	capital	mdc	charging	mugabe	government	deliberate	strategy	impeding	urban	vote	high	court	won	extra	day	voting	monday	polls	opened	hours	late	additional	votes	cast	election	hardest	fought	battle	zimbabwe's	top	post	liberation	war	hero	mugabe	independence	britain	election	preceded	months	governmentorchestrated	violence	meant	intimidate	voters	opposition	repeatedly	harassed	prevented	campaigning	turnout	southern	african	country	estimated	cent	election	fraught	violence	intimidation	intense	legal	wrangling	civic	rights	electoral	rules	polls	closed	monday	mugabe's	government	pressure	opposition	charging	mdc	secretary	general	welshman	ncube	high	treason	party	dismissed	smear	tactic	ncube	tsvangirai	top	party	officials	accused	month	plotting	assassinate	president	tumultuous	campaign	grabbed	international	headlines	sparked	diplomatic	rows	landed	mugabe	sanctions	european	union	united	states	violence	claimed	lives	opposition	supporters	start	year	influential	international	crisis	group	icg	warned	major	violence	erupting	exceedingly	high	election	rigged
156--------------
topic:	6	mugabe	tsvangirai	election	mdc	zimbabwe	votes	opposition	results	harare	violence
file label:mugabe
mugabe	won	polls	unfairly	west	president	robert	mugabe	swept	power	zimbabwe	yesterday	election	fiercely	condemned	local	monitors	opposition	west	praised	african	nations	opposition	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	easily	beaten	veteran	president	official	results	mugabe	stolen	vote	violence	intimidation	preventing	hundreds	thousands	people	voting	election	extending	mugabe's	rule	years	fundamentally	flawed	zimbabwe	commitment	free	fair	poll	state	department	officials	washington	aimed	impose	financial	restrictions	assets	held	mugabe	senior	members	government	effect	deep	split	appeared	western	nations	african	countries	monitoring	vote	closed	ranks	mugabe	calling	election	legitimate	registrargeneral	tobaiwa	mudede	declared	mugabe	winner	results	constituencies	guerilla	won	term	leader	votes	tsvangirai	opposition	leader	movement	democratic	change	mdc	accept	result	election	results	reflect	true	people	zimbabwe	illegitimate	norwegian	local	observers	thousands	people	opposition	strongholds	prevented	voting	observers	south	africa	namibia	nigeria	mugabe's	reelection	legitimate	south	africa	nigeria	australia	comprise	special	commonwealth	group	power	measures	zimbabwe	election	deemed	free	fair	zimbabwe	security	forces	high	alert	erected	roadblocks	harare	result	announced	mdc	dozens	heavily	armed	soldiers	surrounded	office	city	bulawayo	small	groups	armed	riot	police	moved	harare	townships	loyal	tsvangirai	mugabe	supporters	danced	celebration	carried	mock	coffins	tsvangirai	harare	townships	coffins	draped	flag	mugabe's	government	dismissed	criticism	election	information	minister	jonathan	moyo	result	blow	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	mugabe	accuses	sponsoring	tsvangirai	colonial	power	britain	mugabe	held	power	systematic	campaign	violence	intimidation	article	colleague	associate	friend	copyright	gulf	daily	news
157--------------
topic:	183	mugabe	election	zimbabwe	african	mugabe's	zimbabwe's	states	international	africa	agricultural
file label:mugabe
zimbabwe's	rigged	election	election	week	zimbabwe	ugly	travesty	southern	africa	suffer	voters	lined	hours	polling	stations	vain	supporters	main	opposition	candidate	intimidated	beaten	longserving	increasingly	tyrannical	president	robert	mugabe	declared	winner	international	observers	called	process	deeply	flawed	bush	administration	refused	recognize	declared	results	leading	african	countries	south	africa	nigeria	compounded	problem	accepting	mugabe's	victory	earlier	assertions	recognize	results	rigged	election	failing	hold	firm	damage	diplomatic	credibility	ignore	consequences	nearby	african	states	mugabe's	misrule	include	explosive	political	frustration	swelling	tide	desperate	refugees	growing	reluctance	foreign	companies	donors	invest	region	washington	western	governments	strengthen	current	mild	sanctions	zimbabwe	steps	effective	joined	major	african	states	mugabe	led	zimbabwe's	liberation	struggle	white	minority	rule	late	systematically	wrecked	country's	economy	freedoms	prolong	hold	power	zimbabwe	economic	beacon	basket	case	blessed	fertile	agricultural	land	dozen	years	mugabe's	rule	prosperous	free	picture	changed	radically	mugabe	shifted	highly	destructive	incited	violent	land	seizures	disastrous	toll	agricultural	investment	production	launched	broad	assault	journalistic	freedom	judicial	independence	campaign	carried	small	loyal	core	liberation	fighters	turned	thugs	thugs	fraud	mugabe	power	zimbabwe's	recovery	wait	departure	copyright	international	herald	tribune	rights	reserved
158--------------
topic:	156	election	mugabe	president	zimbabwe	poll	african	elections	vote	africa	victory
file label:mugabe
mugabe	wins	biased	propaganda	tehran	times	intl	desk	tehran	president	robert	mugabe	easily	won	zimbabwe's	election	wednesday	biased	propaganda	unleashed	western	countries	accusing	unfair	opposition	results	announced	registrargeneral	tobaiwa	mudede	gmt	showed	mugabe	votes	percent	ballots	cast	needed	extend	rule	year	challenger	trade	unionist	morgan	tsvangirai	trailed	million	votes	mudede	million	people	voted	threeday	election	fears	violent	reaction	tsvangirai's	supporters	security	forces	put	high	alert	police	put	road	blocks	approach	roads	capital	harare	australia	feared	violence	voters	thought	election	stolen	canberra	member	threenation	commonwealth	task	force	monitoring	election	tsvangirai	mugabe	destroyed	economy	prosperous	nation	accused	president	systematically	stealing	election	hide	deep	unpopularity	voters	reuters	reported	mugabe's	government	dismissed	criticism	poll	information	minister	jonathan	moyo	called	exemplary	western	countries	queued	condemn	election	president	faced	real	challenge	united	states	condemning	reduction	polling	stations	opposition	urban	strongholds	election	flawed	riddled	irregularities	australia	britain	led	unsuccessful	call	commonwealth	sanctions	mugabe	election	zealand	wednesday	ready	impose	sanctions	zimbabwe	commonwealth	decided	suspend	country	vote
159--------------
topic:	189	election	mugabe	tsvangirai	officials	opposition	party	supporters	political	zanupf	government
file label:mugabe
fear	violence	zimbabwe	vote	harare	zimbabwe	wellington	chinyama	sat	barber's	chair	unfolded	newspaper	glancing	asked	young	man	trimming	hair	question	virtually	everyone's	mind	joseph	prepared	zimbabwe's	civil	war	zimbabweans	polls	weekend	reelect	oust	robert	mugabe	leader	country	question	win	election	secondary	loser	followers	respond	surveys	show	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	trade	union	leader	mugabe	surge	political	violence	accusations	governing	party	changed	election	laws	rig	vote	fanned	widespread	concerns	zimbabweans	election	monitors	foreign	diplomats	political	party	supporters	prepared	accept	final	tally	vivid	imagination	envision	scenario	ground	rioters	military	streets	days	african	diplomat	disturbing	pronouncements	senior	government	officials	military	leaders	british	colony	led	tsvangirai	political	party	movement	democratic	change	television	interview	broadcast	day	didymus	mutasa	spokesman	mugabe's	ruling	zanupf	party	veterans	country's	independence	war	prospect	tsvangirai	government	intolerable	people	ruled	mdc	ruled	ian	smith	mutasa	referring	prime	minister	whiteruled	rhodesia	country	gaining	independence	circumstances	coup	support	people	died	political	violence	year	supporters	movement	democratic	change	state	department	officials	week	accused	mugabe's	government	numerous	human	rights	violations	election	campaign	allegation	vehemently	denied	zanupf	officials	newspaper	reported	mugabe	put	armed	forces	high	alert	recalled	soldiers	neighboring	congo	deployed	country's	civil	war	police	commissioner	augustine	chihuri	denied	reports	zimbabweans	weekend's	election	contest	immovable	forces	autocrat	desperate	remain	power	opposition	party	dominated	restless	young	citizens	weary	government	corruption	food	shortages	unemployment	mugabe	announces	won	election	people	storm	castle	sibongile	mbuyiso	opposition	supporter	mdc	wins	mugabe	announce	martial	law	throw	tsvangirai	jail	plotting	kill	send	army	streets	government	officials	month	charged	tsvangirai	officials	party	high	treason	allegedly	plotting	assassinate	mugabe	charge	based	largely	heavily	edited	videotape	tsvangirai	refers	elimination	mugabe	tsvangirai	responding	question	posed	canadian	publicist	meeting	subsequently	signed	contract	zanupf	political	analysts	charges	laid	groundwork	mugabe	jail	tsvangirai	lastditch	effort	stay	power	lose	election	outcome	foregone	conclusion	opposition	officials	polling	agents	abducted	week	surge	violent	attacks	swing	districts	persuade	opposition	supporters	vote	zanupf	ensure	mugabe's	victory	addition	governing	party	officials	revised	election	laws	procedures	manner	change	outcome	vote	independent	election	observers	zanupf	officials	told	election	observers	intend	increase	number	polling	stations	rural	areas	believed	strongholds	reduce	number	stations	urban	areas	strong	support	opposition	observers	produce	long	voting	lines	discourage	tsvangirai	supporters	casting	ballots	zanupf	election	officials	plan	civil	service	employees	monitor	votecounting	bar	independent	monitors	nonprofit	organizations	assisting	routine	tasks	transporting	ballot	boxes	counting	stations	residency	requirement	introduced	month	bans	registered	voters	casting	ballots	provide	leases	utility	bills	names	foreign	diplomats	tsvangirai	supporters	disenfranchise	hundreds	thousands	young	opposition	supporters	live	parents	mugabe	steal	election	john	makumbe	political	science	professor	university	zimbabwe	tsvangirai	news	conference	thursday	night	won	election	prosecute	mugabe	ease	pressure	mugabe	remain	power	avoid	prosecution	government's	attack	matabeleland	home	ndebele	tribe	time	posed	significant	threat	leadership	estimate	number	people	killed	operation	ranges	copyright	international	herald	tribune	rights	reserved
160--------------
topic:	34	zimbabwe	commonwealth	howard	africa	mugabe	african	suspended	south	suspension	nigeria
file label:mugabe
angry	vote	commonwealth	bars	zimbabwe	london	march	flanked	presidents	south	africa	nigeria	prime	minister	john	howard	australia	today	announced	yearlong	suspension	zimbabwe	commonwealth	group	nations	british	colonies	unusual	step	meant	punish	president	robert	mugabe	stewardship	elections	month	widely	criticized	africa	rigged	african	leaders	thabo	mbeki	south	africa	olusegun	obasanjo	nigeria	maintained	cryptic	silence	howard	spoke	endorsing	decision	presence	news	conference	avoiding	embroilment	debate	view	mugabe's	presidency	illegitimate	expulsion	move	deepened	diplomatic	isolation	zimbabwe	battered	political	violence	hunger	economic	decline	threat	labor	unrest	means	zimbabwean	officials	barred	meetings	held	commonwealth	organization	carries	cachet	important	club	bridging	northsouth	divide	suspension	decided	men	met	committee	charged	deciding	commomwealth's	response	decision	headquarters	marlborough	house	left	men	facing	acute	dilemma	mbeki	obasanjo	countries	undemocratic	regimes	excluded	commonwealth	torn	solidarity	fellow	african	leader	crusader	colonialism	commitment	democratic	standards	part	african	economic	regeneration	howard	chairman	threenation	committee	move	avoids	open	rift	majority	members	africa	asia	tended	side	mugabe	rich	whiteruled	countries	britain	canada	australia	criticized	adds	voice	labeling	mugabe	pariah	increasing	pressure	seek	reconciliation	possibly	elections	opprobrium	spread	today	switzerland	latest	country	impose	sanctions	zimbabwe	view	manipulation	presidential	elections	ongoing	human	rights	violations	swiss	government	restrictions	mugabe	zimbabwe's	senior	leaders	barred	travel	united	states	european	union	committee	decided	suspend	zimbabwe	councils	commonwealth	period	year	effect	howard	reading	statement	apparently	facesaving	gesture	mbeki	election	observers	zimbabwe	vote	legitimate	response	mugabe's	behavior	outsiders	token	south	africa's	nigeria's	commitment	democracy	fostering	economic	renewal	meeting	monterrey	mexico	instance	financier	george	soros	today	zimbabwe	elections	cast	doubt	ability	african	states	create	suitable	conditions	private	investment	commonwealth	suspended	zimbabwe	act	howard	severe	punishments	criticism	sharpened	african	politicians	including	morgan	tsvangirai	zimbabwe	opposition	leader	defeated	election	expressed	doubt	commonwealth	action	suspension	accompanied	suggestions	easing	zimbabwe's	drastic	food	shortages	economic	decline	commonwealth	supported	moves	resolve	country's	violent	crisis	seizure	white	farmers	land	backing	mugabe	commitment	redistribute	territory	landless	black	zimbabweans	apparently	intended	door	open	dialogue	land	core	crisis	zimbabwe	howard	statement	statement	leaders	south	africa	nigeria	continue	talk	mugabe	ways	lift	suspension	critics	ineffective	commonwealth	sought	project	arbiter	democratic	legitimacy	delinquent	members	whiteruled	south	africa	quit	commonwealth	suspended	apartheid	nigeria	suspended	military	rule	execution	human	rights	activist	ken	saro	wiwa	fiji	suspended	years	pakistan	suspended	military	coup	years	brought	gen	pervez	musharraf	power	copyright	york	times	company
161--------------
topic:	185	zimbabwe	election	mugabe	government	prescott	countries	zimbabwe's	african	people	million
file label:mugabe
refuses	recognize	mugabe	government	president	bush	wednesday	flaws	zimbabwe's	election	prevent	united	states	recognizing	government's	claim	incumbent	robert	mugabe	winner	bush	told	news	conference	united	states	consulting	countries	decide	deal	flawed	election	bush	suspended	entry	privileges	mugabe	family	senior	members	government	denied	entry	received	significant	financial	benefit	dealings	zimbabwean	officials	carried	mugabe's	policies	officials	administration	freeze	assets	zimbabwean	officials	involved	alleged	rigging	democratic	process	possibility	banning	commercial	export	licenses	defense	articles	services	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
162--------------
topic:	76	mugabe	election	land	reforms	zimbabwe's	colonial	mdc	country's	veteran	year
file label:mugabe
mugabe	predicts	victory	zimbabwe's	election	zimbabwe's	incumbent	president	robert	mugabe	saturday	predicted	victory	country's	horse	presidential	race	accept	outcome	election	defeated	morgan	tsvangirai	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	tired	blithesome	month	daily	election	campaigns	southern	african	country	mugabe	cast	vote	weekend	presidential	poll	facing	challenge	main	rival	tsvangirai	zimbabwean	veteran	leader	power	country	gained	independence	britain	accompanied	polling	station	school	poor	suburb	highfield	capital	harare	family	members	including	children	told	journalists	casting	ballot	confident	winning	election	accept	results	won	mugabe	thought	election	process	rigged	supporters	mdc	party	adding	prejudging	wanted	direct	process	tension	risen	sharply	zimbabwe	months	long	violent	election	campaigns	mdc	party	accused	mugabe	violence	electoral	manipulation	rig	poll	defying	international	pressure	controversial	land	reforms	mugabe	year	mandate	complete	reforms	reforms	zimbabwean	government	excess	idle	farms	white	farmers	bulk	country's	arable	land	resettle	landless	peasants	people	resettled	beginning	year	program	drawn	sharp	international	rebuke	colonial	power	britain	mugabe	vowed	press	reforms	european	union	imposed	sanctions	mugabe	close	associates	month	united	states	move	accusing	mugabe	violating	human	rights	cracking	opposition	media	judiciary	controversial	land	reform	pillar	mugabe's	electoral	strategy	political	analysts	work	mugabe's	view	march	election	chapter	long	struggle	colonial	rule	led	early	country's	independence	deliver	safeguard	important	heritage	young	generation	land	forefathers	force	told	rally	mugabe	talked	desire	safeguarding	zimbabwe's	sovereignty	land	spirit	dies	dream	veteran	leader	forced	sacrifice	bright	teaching	career	lead	compatriots	colonial	rule	ambition	fully	tested	ballot	box	weekend	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
163--------------
topic:	150	polling	election	people	vote	stations	zanupf	voters	mdc	voting	rural
file label:mugabe
zimbabwe	vote	test	patience	harare	rushinga	zimbabwe	martha's	neighbors	highranking	district	official	zimbabwe's	ruling	zanupf	party	woman	drills	local	children	friday	party	doctrine	heart	widow	supports	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	membership	card	hidden	cooking	pot	give	food	hospitals	school	fees	life	martha	explaining	voted	mdc	candidate	morgan	tsvangirai	marthas	people	marched	zanupf	anthems	cheered	president	robert	mugabe	rallies	secretly	planning	vote	tsvangirai	people	pretend	zanupf	afraid	wear	tshirts	rallies	months	fear	intimidation	zimbabweans	streamed	polls	weekend	record	numbers	cast	votes	country's	contested	election	independence	years	arrived	overburdened	polling	stations	early	hours	morning	waited	hot	sun	entire	day	food	tarred	road	grass	bed	janet	harare	secretary	waited	hours	polling	station	impoverished	harare	suburb	kuwadzana	wanted	home	vote	crucial	presidential	election	future	voters	polls	weekend	intimidation	attempts	rigging	continued	government	slashed	number	polling	stations	urban	areas	mdc	favored	boosting	number	rural	rulingparty	strongholds	kuwadzana	polling	stations	people	rural	bindura	polling	stations	smaller	number	people	country's	million	voters	waiting	anxiously	results	poll	announced	voting	supposed	sunday	stretch	days	question	foremost	minds	zimbabweans	attempts	rig	election	voter	intimidation	minute	electionlaw	outright	fraud	succeeded	increasing	number	local	election	monitors	international	observers	vote	rigging	hopes	free	election	dead	main	cheating	place	long	election	days	brian	murphy	zimbabwe	citizens	support	group	organization	members	spread	country	weekend	privately	monitoring	elections	murphy	points	lack	independent	voter	education	lack	independent	radio	stations	ban	holding	opposition	rallies	districts	examples	fair	election	deep	faith	power	democracy	edward	murchabaiw	arrived	rushinga	polling	station	wheelbarrow	emaciated	frame	drowing	faded	blue	suitjacket	murchabaiw	diagnosed	stages	aids	live	results	election	wanted	sound	voice	happy	bright	smile	voting	difference	urban	areas	lines	snaked	mile	angry	voters	push	polling	booths	police	fired	tear	gas	rubber	bullets	restless	crowd	injuring	people	polls	stayed	open	night	people	voting	flickering	candlelight	harsh	fluorescent	bulbs	intention	frustrate	voters	mugabe	move	goal	posts	disenfranchise	people	people	thinks	vote	tsvangirai	visiting	polling	station	thousands	waited	angrily	cast	votes	waving	hands	openhanded	signal	mdc	rural	areas	polling	stations	stood	empty	midday	lines	problem	transparency	mdc	percent	rural	polling	agents	chased	abducted	refused	accreditation	government	officials	leaving	voting	process	open	widespread	abuse	illiterate	voters	assisted	zanupf	officials	directed	vote	incumbent	president	chaparandza	primary	school	rural	rushinga	mary	mugumira	wearing	wool	usa	hat	long	traditional	dress	shoes	confused	asked	presiding	officer	vote	refused	talk	election	officers	represented	ruling	zanupf	party	moment	decided	polling	agent	smiling	put	mark	ballot	space	marked	robert	mugabe	zanupf	hope	zimbabwe	election	bring	change	happy	finally	vote	jubilant	colin	chipepera	waiting	hours	harare	voting	line	final	nail	government's	coffin	tricks	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
164--------------
topic:	6	mugabe	tsvangirai	election	mdc	zimbabwe	votes	opposition	results	harare	violence
file label:mugabe
mugabe	wins	zimbabwe	presidential	polls	author	agencies	wednesday	march	pm	harare	robert	mugabe	won	zimbabwe's	presidential	election	registrar	general	tobaiwa	mudede	announced	wednesday	mudede	state	television	mugabe	reelected	votes	votes	opposition	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	declare	robert	mugabe	winner	office	presidency	zimbabwe	mudede	mugabe	passed	cent	mark	districts	left	declared	official	figures	showed	wednesday	results	broadcast	state	television	gave	mugabe	votes	cent	million	ballots	cast	main	rival	morgan	tsvangirai	movement	democratic	change	mdc	votes	cent	votes	cast	tsvangirai	local	international	observers	cited	widespread	abuses	electoral	process	mdc	leadership	meet	midmorning	discuss	results	national	executive	meeting	figures	give	reaction	party	david	coltart	mp	movement	democratic	change	mdc	put	mildly	figures	odd	turnouts	cities	massives	rural	areas	unprecedented	country	tsvangirai	due	address	media	meeting	noon	gmt	soldiers	surrounded	offices	opposition	movement	bulawayo	wednesday	reporter	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
165--------------
topic:	172	vote	mugabe	polling	opposition	people	tsvangirai	zimbabwe	election	stations	party
file label:mugabe
mugabe	rigged	zimbabwe	polls	britain	author	afp	tuesday	march	pm	london	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	tuesday	pretty	strong	early	evidence	president	robert	mugabe	stolen	election	zimbabwe	refused	final	judgement	conduct	weekend	presidential	poll	told	parliament	mugabe	declared	winner	rigged	vote	enormous	implications	london's	ties	harare	clear	evidence	pretty	strong	president	mugabe	event	declared	winner	stolen	election	enormous	implications	nature	relationship	zimbabwe	warned	terrible	period	zimbabwe	hold	democracy	dear	africa	counting	election	mugabe	battling	political	future	opposition	candidate	morgan	tsvangirai	years	power	began	tuesday	complaints	zimbabwe	conduct	vote	group	independent	local	observers	electoral	process	free	fair	spark	fresh	violence	southern	african	country	straw	sign	intimidation	mugabe's	zanupf	party	close	polls	reports	irregularities	including	shortage	polling	booths	urban	areas	harassment	opposition	election	agents	rural	areas	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
166--------------
topic:	159	president	mbeki	zimbabwe	mugabe	african	commonwealth	government	election	report	observer
file label:mugabe
zimbabwe's	president	sworn	subhead	lawmakers	boycott	event	author	jon	jeter	harare	zimbabwe	president	robert	mugabe	sworn	sunday	term	office	bitterly	fought	election	opposition	western	governments	denounced	rigged	speaking	publicly	time	government	election	officials	declared	winner	days	mugabe	returned	themes	struck	campaign	morgan	tsvangirai	trade	union	leader	mugabe	rebel	leader	led	country	independence	britain	years	told	audience	assembled	colonialstyle	state	house	mansion	victory	triumph	west	whites	aligned	governing	party	zimbabwe	african	national	unionpatriotic	front	dealt	stunning	blow	imperialism	african	heads	states	attended	ceremony	including	president	sam	nujoma	namibia	president	joseph	kabila	democratic	republic	congo	lawmakers	opposition	movement	democratic	change	boycotted	representatives	united	states	european	union	countries	zealand	canada	protesting	election	tainted	months	political	violence	intimidation	lastminute	electoral	laws	disenfranchisement	tens	thousands	voters	harare	opposition	stronghold	failed	vote	government	reduced	number	polling	stations	mugabe	remained	defiant	blaming	racism	criticism	pledging	accelerate	landreform	program	country's	fertile	land	seized	white	commercial	farmers	redistribution	poor	landless	blacks	people	zimbabwe	loudly	zimbabwe	colony	mugabe	people	decide	sirs	person	downing	st	tony	blair	mugabe	referring	britain's	prime	minister	takeovers	occupations	farms	lack	transparency	political	violence	led	international	donors	cut	funding	zimbabwe	fourth	year	recession	worsening	food	shortage	mugabe	appealed	nation	opposition	reconcile	address	pressing	economic	fell	short	proposing	government	national	unity	south	african	president	thabo	mbeki	nigerian	president	olusegun	obasanjo	pressing	mugabe	accept	arrangement	avoid	deepening	international	sanctions	suspension	commonwealth	britain	colonies	south	african	observer	mission	elections	legitimate	mbeki	commented	leader	region's	robust	economy	respected	democracy	western	leaders	mbeki	denounce	results	provide	reassurance	continent	committed	democratic	principles	property	rights	investors	western	diplomats	interpret	mbeki's	support	mugabe	elections	sign	africa	intent	revitalizing	economies	good	government	expanded	international	trade
167--------------
topic:	172	vote	mugabe	polling	opposition	people	tsvangirai	zimbabwe	election	stations	party
file label:mugabe
zimbabwean	presidential	vote	begins	author	angus	shaw	harare	zimbabwe	ap	zimbabweans	waited	long	lines	polling	stations	saturday	knitting	playing	children	waiting	chance	vote	elections	present	strongest	challenge	president	robert	mugabe	campaign	wracked	intense	violence	intimidation	blamed	ruling	party	opposition	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	pleased	people	voting	believing	strong	turnout	favored	man	ruled	country	independence	voting	slowly	stations	tsvangirai	accused	authorities	holding	hurt	chances	days	voting	intention	frustrate	voters	mugabe	move	goal	posts	disenfranchise	people	people	thinks	vote	tsvangirai	urging	voters	line	patient	polling	station	outskirts	capital	harare	people	standing	line	people	voted	hours	number	polling	stations	urban	areas	considered	opposition	strongholds	cut	government	people	uncertain	vote	appeared	show	force	witnesses	harare	reported	unusually	large	number	soldiers	military	vehicles	capital	government	officials	declined	comment	deployment	tsvangirai	pronounced	changerai	union	leader	promising	reforms	southern	african	nation	mired	worst	economic	crisis	independence	inflation	percent	unemployment	percent	hundreds	thousands	people	hungry	mugabe	rule	faced	significant	dissent	years	economic	troubles	painted	tsvangirai	movement	democratic	change	servants	white	interests	western	powers	country	fail	casting	ballot	mugabe	lashed	critics	supporters	opposition	prejudice	bias	ruling	party	bias	president	mugabe	bias	favor	opposition	mugabe's	list	polling	station	harare	township	planned	vote	aides	informed	gaffe	whisked	station	listed	human	rights	groups	political	analysts	campaign	tainted	elections	free	fair	police	canceled	scores	opposition	rallies	mugabe	presidential	powers	restore	controversial	election	laws	struck	supreme	court	easier	rig	vote	opposition	scores	polling	agents	detained	harassed	government	refused	accredit	independent	zimbabwean	voting	monitors	showed	polling	stations	rural	town	chininga	farmers	arrested	helping	election	monitors	reach	polling	stations	commercial	farmers	union	saturday	preelection	polls	reveal	voters	fears	reporting	percent	people	questioned	refused	vote	secret	ronnie	dube	yearold	carpenter	asked	vote	vote	good	future	lines	snaked	polling	stations	harare	mile	long	lines	longer	parliamentary	elections	june	strong	challenge	mugabe's	zimbabwe	african	national	union	patriotic	front	party	narrowly	won	mugabe	promised	public	works	initiatives	reelected	pledged	continue	controversial	program	seizing	whiteowned	farms	giving	landless	blacks	whites	percent	country's	population	nation's	commercial	farmland	tsvangirai	promising	revive	economy	corruption	promote	orderly	land	reform	system	urged	supporters	saturday	vote	government	intimidation	tired	scared	hungry	courage	people	zimbabwe	darkest	hour	dawn	tsvangirai	statement	people	died	politically	motivated	violence	years	black	opposition	activists	believed	killed	ruling	party	militants	weeks	tsvangirai	charged	treason	connection	alleged	plot	assassinate	mugabe	opposition	asked	supreme	court	overturn	mugabe's	decree	restoring	controversial	election	laws	resolve	confusion	voter	registration	location	polling	stations	polls	remain	open	long	lines	impossible	vote	court	decided	friday	night	defer	decision	election	voting	smoothly	village	nkayi	communities	hardest	hit	preelection	violence	miles	north	bulawayo	friday	night	opposition	polling	agent	harassed	ruling	party	militants	sat	front	polling	station	chanting	slogans	saturday	morning	opposition	officials
168--------------
topic:	47	hatiboglu	argentina	imf	government	mugabe	africa's	mbeki	african	fate	africa
file label:mugabe
africa's	grand	bargain	lost	zimbabwe's	rigged	election	week	africa's	richest	powerful	nations	south	africa	nigeria	decided	punish	zimbabwe	tuesday	flawed	presidential	vote	courageous	stand	renew	promise	leading	industrialized	nations	provide	aid	trade	investment	africa	shows	governance	democracy	grand	bargain	uplift	world's	poorest	continent	jeopardy	thabo	mbeki	south	africa's	president	olusegun	obasanjo	nigeria's	president	agreed	suspend	zimbabwe	group	british	colonies	commonwealth	endorsement	type	diplomatic	isolation	zimbabwe	shows	solidarity	west	grand	pact	partnership	africa's	development	initiated	leaders	model	povertyreducing	efforts	week's	conference	development	aid	held	mexico	opinion	piece	rule	law	fair	elections	africa	amount	aid	mbeki	hope	joining	west	criticizing	zimbabwean	leader	robert	mugabe	work	troubled	neighbor	prevent	violence	economy	collapsing	find	political	compromise	mbeki	african	leaders	press	mugabe	stop	repression	farmland	whites	compensation	continent's	governments	fault	mugabe	ran	election	overwhelming	evidence	voter	intimidation	manipulation	polls	zimbabwe's	opposition	join	mugabe	unity	government	agrees	betterrun	election	fair	deal	strike	week	country's	trade	unions	protesting	government's	tactics	reflects	widespread	disgust	mugabe	cornered	international	community	types	isolation	including	opprobrium	african	peers	lashed	charging	opposition	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	kill	desperation	mugabe	condoned	african	leaders	south	africa's	leader	mbeki	inclined	quiet	diplomacy	zimbabwe	heard	stature	africa	stand	zimbabwe's	future	bring	hope	african	economic	renewal	greater	democracy	top	untitled	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
169--------------
topic:	134	mbeki	shuttleworth	mugabe	election	president	minister	suspension	commonwealth	space	zimbabwe
file label:mugabe
london	march	afp	commonwealth	suspended	zimbabwe	year	tuesday	action	regime	president	robert	mugabe	week	controversial	elections	returned	power	surprise	decision	group	failed	reach	agreement	sanctions	harare	voting	african	leaders	rallied	anticolonialist	mugabe	held	power	independence	britain	committee	decided	suspend	zimbabwe	councils	commonwealth	year	effect	australian	prime	minister	john	howard	told	reporters	issue	revisited	months	time	decision	threeway	panel	howard	presidents	thabo	mbeki	south	africa	olusegun	obasanjo	nigeria	damning	report	march	vote	commonwealth	observers	report	concluded	poll	marred	violence	intimidation	suspect	electoral	practices	designed	benefit	mugabe	conclusion	reached	zimbabwean	opposition	west	zimbabwe's	information	minister	jonathan	moyo	immediately	blasted	decision	lump	nation	pakistan	suspended	commonwealth	bad	report	lead	bad	decisions	moyo	denouncing	report	opinionated	onesided	lacks	credibility	withstand	objective	scrutiny	spokesman	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	welcomes	decision	commonwealth	troika	believes	absolutely	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	praised	decision	message	clearer	zealand	foreign	affairs	minister	phil	goff	welcomed	commonwealth's	suspension	zimbabwe	zealand	impose	sanctions	goff	welcomed	suspension	appeared	reluctantly	extent	sense	halfway	house	panel	expected	defer	reject	calls	zimbabwe's	suspension	mbeki	obasanjo	held	talks	monday	mugabe	defeated	opposition	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	apparently	proposed	mediate	talks	sides	suspension	validates	refusal	accept	result	legitimate	welshman	ncube	secretary	general	tsvangirai's	opposition	movement	democratic	change	suspension	switzerland	slapping	sanctions	southern	african	country	including	freeze	financial	assets	held	government	officials	swiss	banks	tsvangirai	earlier	suggested	mbeki	obasanjo	suspension	present	position	zimbabweans	talking	deferment	action	mbeki	specifically	views	official	south	african	observer	team	election	result	respected	tsvangirai	tipped	win	free	fair	election	negotiate	view	running	fresh	election	restoring	legitimacy	tuesday	ruled	meaningful	discussions	mugabe's	government	cracked	violence	presidential	elections	information	minister	held	terms	laws	constitution	election	years	mugabe	declared	winner	presidential	vote	percent	votes	tsvangirai's	percent	international	observer	groups	condemned	conduct	poll	western	governments	notably	britain	united	states	summit	australia	earlier	month	election	commonwealth	leaders	postponed	action	harare	defiant	stance	presence	international	observers	monitor	voting	inauguration	speech	sunday	mugabe	promised	accelerate	controversial	land	reforms	begun	july	aim	resettle	blacks	whiteowned	farms	bid	reverse	colonialera	injustices	land	reforms	marred	political	violence	led	liberation	war	veterans	support	mugabe	latest	killing	white	farmer	terry	ford	day	mugabe's	inauguration	critics	land	reforms	measures	aggravated	food	shortage	zimbabwe	threatens	worsen	drought	washington	mulling	response	election	continuing	conversations	allied	nations	proper	response	fraudulent	election	zimbabwe	ari	fleischer	spokesman	president	george	bush
170--------------
topic:	168	election	free	african	fair	south	zimbabwe	malinga	democratic	party	observer
file label:mugabe
durban	march	sapa	sa	observer	zim	elections	free	fair	member	south	african	observer	mission	zimbabwe	weekend's	presidential	election	southern	african	country	free	fair	methodist	bishop	purity	malinga	tuesday	echoed	sentiments	south	africa's	independent	electoral	commission	iec	chairwoman	brigalia	bam	zimbabwe	election	conform	international	standards	bam	sunday	believed	zimbabwe's	election	free	fair	adding	line	international	standards	organisation	malinga	represented	south	african	churches	mission	told	journalists	breakfast	diakonia	council	churches	durban	uncomfortable	manner	team	treated	left	south	africa	advised	vigilant	private	public	malinga	member	handed	booklet	guidelines	zimbabwean	election	laws	personally	felt	hoped	presence	outsiders	zimbabwe	stop	illegal	acts	committed	booklet	published	electoral	institute	south	africa	pretoria	malinga	guidelines	booklet	election	legitimate	believed	saom	head	dr	sam	motsuenyane	based	findings	guidelines	preliminary	motsuenyane	declared	zimbabwe	poll	legitimate	adding	openly	free	fair	malinga	based	southern	matabeleland	beitbridge	election	characterised	intimidation	queues	polling	centres	lot	fear	tension	election	run	police	army	carried	weapons	circumstances	feel	free	international	observers	treated	suspicion	police	station	allowed	told	zimbabwe	issue	station	ordered	stay	metres	local	observers	enter	stations	people	unable	vote	names	voters	role	turned	twenties	thirties	fifties	saom	monday	stopped	short	declaring	zimbabwean	presidential	election	free	fair	african	national	congress	majority	committee	declared	poll	credible	majority	report	endorsed	anc	observer	mission	noted	million	zimbabweans	cast	votes	substantially	represented	people	inkatha	freedom	party	democratic	alliance	national	party	african	christian	democratic	party	pan	africanist	congress	united	christian	democratic	party	disagreed	anc	conclusion	united	democratic	movement	undecided	delegates	saom	aligned	findings	southern	african	development	community	parliamentary	forum	vote	met	sadc's	norms	standards	united	states	britain	local	zimbabwean	observers	commonwealth	observer	team	poll	free	fair	source	sapa	cpim	date	mar
171--------------
topic:	158	commonwealth	zimbabwe	mission	minister	blair	elections	report	leaders	britain	british
file label:mugabe
c'wealth	mission	conduct	questionable	special	correspondent	britain's	prime	minister	tony	blair	privately	zimbabwe	retreat	commonwealth	leaders	australia	raise	questions	today's	meeting	london	troika	australia	nigeria	south	africa	blair	received	interim	report	commonwealth	observer	mission	zimbabwe	condemned	outcome	presidential	election	zimbabweans	chance	vote	blair	commonwealth	report	received	report	channeled	secretariat	members	asked	commonwealth	leaders	retreat	british	leader	fudged	reply	commonwealth	leaders	left	distinct	impression	blair	report	written	london	commonwealth	mission	left	zimbabwe	mission	simply	rubber	stamp	adverse	report	britain	written	blair's	faux	pas	australia	assembled	commonwealth	leaders	response	remarkably	conciliatory	speech	zimbabwe's	foreign	minister	dr	stan	mudenge	nigerian	leader	president	olusegun	obasanjo	urged	minister	attack	blair	frontally	britain's	negative	position	zimbabwe	deal	presidential	election	preparations	dispassionate	precise	manner	zimbabwean	minister	mudenge	rose	feet	strode	blair	thrust	hand	hand	symbolised	reconciliation	blair	accepted	mudenge	proposed	britain	zimbabwe	bury	differences	work	future	commonwealth	leaders	place	unable	understand	dispute	zimbabwe	coloniser	britain	breathed	collective	sigh	relief	hoped	beginning	healing	process	unanswered	question	minds	commonwealth	leaders	british	prime	minister	purported	commonwealth	report	zimbabwe	harare	strange	happening	commonwealth	mission	prebooked	zimbabwean	ministry	foreign	affairs	partly	governmentowned	sheraton	hotel	spurious	grounds	zimbabwe	african	national	unionpatriotic	front	zanupf	election	campaign	centre	adjoining	building	commonwealth	observers	moved	privately	owned	meikles	hotel	sheraton	national	newspaper	herald	distributed	guests	proopposition	daily	news	freely	guests	zimbabwean	press	testify	meikles	farms	country	acquired	state	part	land	reform	programme	meikles	hotel	long	hot	bed	opposition	politics	parliamentary	elections	rooms	meikles	hotel	booked	british	broadcasting	corporation	bbc	openly	hostile	position	president	government	bbc	refused	accreditation	cover	presidential	election	commonwealth	observer	mission	foreign	journalists	assembled	hotel	opposition	leader	movement	democratic	change	mdc	morgan	tsvangirai	moved	complete	floor	entourage	notable	commonwealth	observer	mission	move	opposition	joined	hotel	curious	appointment	behaviour	individual	members	commonwealth	mission	sworn	secrecy	part	mission	expressed	views	chair	mission	australian	member	federal	parliament	julie	bishop	vented	anger	president	government	electoral	process	australia's	media	composition	commonwealth	mission	raised	questions	employees	commonwealth	secretariat	accredited	observers	staff	secretariat	support	mission	populated	eminent	neutral	persons	namibian	woman	member	commonwealth	observer	mission	wellrespected	deputy	speaker	national	council	country	held	views	stated	interim	commonwealth	report	released	election	results	commonwealth	missions	nominally	operate	basis	consensus	similar	view	dismissed	troublemakers	secretariat	staffcumobserver	final	straw	confirmed	australia	abandoned	pretence	fairness	sides	dispute	australian	prime	minister	john	howard	ordered	high	commissioner	harare	attend	sunday's	inauguration	robert	mugabe	president	zimbabwe	australians	common	white	members	commonwealth	european	union	eu	americans	norwegians	swiss	stayed	event	recognise	election	mugabe	head	state	realities	presidents	obasanjo	nigeria	thabo	mbeki	south	africa	confronted	flew	harare	night	meeting	london	tomorrow	australian	leader	member	commonwealth	troika	howard	isolated	threemember	meeting	marlborough	house	london	commonwealth	secretarygeneral	don	mckinnon	zealand	support	country's	decision	condemn	zimbabwe's	presidential	election	close	howard	british	government	western	media	presidents	obasanjo	mbeki	benefit	observer	missions	zimbabwe	support	vast	majority	commonwealth	line	commonwealth	consensus	views	majority	views	commonwealth	doubt	blair	fight	solution	present	impasse	lies	people	zimbabwe	africa	people	britain	europe
172--------------
topic:	112	percent	leader	south	mugabe's	observers	report	rating	venezuelans	africa	election
file label:mugabe
africa	west	split	mugabe's	win	subhead	chretien	await	observers	report	acting	author	jan	cienski	files	jane	taber	ottawa	harare	zimbabwe	robert	mugabe	moved	consolidate	victory	elections	observers	denounced	rigged	ugly	split	opening	response	black	african	nations	west	mugabe	zimbabwe's	leader	years	independence	won	term	office	yesterday	defeating	opponent	morgan	tsvangirai	election	marred	violence	intimidation	manipulation	electoral	laws	registrargeneral's	office	mugabe	received	million	votes	cast	tsvangirai's	win	mugabe	sixyear	term	office	hailed	patrick	chinamasa	zimbabwe's	justice	minister	runaway	victory	tsvangirai	complimentary	calling	election	biggest	electoral	fraud	witnessed	life	result	reflect	true	people	zimbabwe	despondent	union	boss	appeared	befuddled	result	expected	mugabe	pull	victory	shady	tactic	book	foresaw	electoral	fraud	daylight	robbery	news	conference	yesterday	george	bush	president	led	criticism	west	washington	recognize	mugabe's	government	recognize	outcome	election	flawed	bush	dealing	friends	figure	deal	flawed	election	colin	powell	secretary	state	implied	united	states	impose	sanctions	addition	existing	travel	ban	affecting	mugabe's	circle	jack	straw	britain's	foreign	secretary	condemned	mugabe	waging	systematic	campaign	violence	jean	chretien	prime	minister	muted	criticism	chretien	month	headed	move	suspend	zimbabwe	commonwealth	advance	vote	election	mugabe	good	insisted	canada	wait	results	commonwealth	report	acting	committee	heads	governments	states	meeting	weeks	analyze	report	observers	render	decision	told	commons	yesterday	follow	process	receiving	report	observers	coming	definite	conclusion	opposition	critics	attacked	prime	minister	immediately	denouncing	election	john	reynolds	canadian	alliance	leader	zimbabwe	suspended	commonwealth	high	commissioner	canada	packing	straighten	mess	contrast	west	zimbabwe's	neighbours	including	regional	superpower	south	africa	object	election	sam	motsuenyane	head	observer	mission	south	africa	result	considered	legitimate	blamed	difficulties	faced	voters	administrative	oversight	observer	team	organization	african	unity	announced	general	elections	transparent	credible	free	fair	team	wishes	commend	electoral	polling	officers	manner	conducted	elections	gertrude	mongella	leader	oau	observers	mugabe	friday's	preelection	rallies	appearance	comment	yesterday	tsvangirai	loss	leadership	movement	democratic	change	mdc	meet	strategy	counter	mugabe's	victory	confusion	widespread	party	expected	win	election	admitted	hilda	mafudze	mdc	member	parliament	threatened	mugabe's	toughs	prevented	campaigning	home	riding	south	harare	mugabe	ended	winning	votes	prepared	sit	brainstorm	concrete	tsvangirai	people	seething	anger	tsvangirai	ruled	open	rebellion	seek	confrontation	state	mdc	leader	facing	treason	charges	allegedly	plotting	assassinate	mugabe	charge	trumped	domestic	observers	tended	side	mdc	denouncing	election	fraudtainted	unfair	crisis	zimbabwe	committee	coalition	church	civic	groups	called	zimbabweans	protest	elections	tomorrow	constitutionally	acceptable	manner	zimbabwe's	security	laws	illegal	call	general	strike	government	chances	popular	uprising	putting	military	alert	setting	police	roadblocks	harare	large	cities	working	class	suburb	highfield	strong	mdc	zone	middleaged	street	vendor	clucked	shook	head	asked	people	protest	mugabe's	reelection	ahh	country	dogs	scared	streets	nervously	triumphant	activists	mugabe's	zimbabwe	african	people's	union	patriotic	front	ripped	stacks	proopposition	newspaper	streets	capital	tsvangirai	greatest	support	sign	revolution	brewing	thousands	voters	harare	chased	polling	stations	monday	night	police	waiting	chaotic	days	cast	ballots	mdc	disorganization	harare	planned	mugabe	order	disenfranchise	tsvangirai's	supporters	government	harare's	voters	cast	ballots	rate	participation	mugabe's	rural	strongholds	approached	figure	disputed	mdc	cases	mdc	neutral	observers	monitor	voting	remote	polling	stations	south	africa	main	concern	regional	stability	niceties	participatory	democracy	zimbabwe's	economy	imploded	unemployment	inflation	running	year	people	breadbasket	hungry	south	africa	stem	flow	economic	migrants	fording	limpopo	river	life	south	border	south	africa	add	thousands	refugees	fleeing	war	political	turmoil	copyright	national	post	online
173--------------
topic:	37	zimbabwe	mugabe	commonwealth	committee	government	election	people	suspended	mugabe's	development
file label:mugabe
zimbabwe	suspended	rigging	election	subhead	bad	decision	mugabe	camp	author	robert	fife	ottawa	bureau	chief	ottawa	commonwealth	suspended	zimbabwe	year	yesterday	called	elections	concluding	robert	mugabe	rigged	presidential	elections	punishment	special	commonwealth	committee	leaders	nigeria	south	africa	australia	tougher	people	expected	told	zimbabwe	suspended	talked	reconciliation	invited	government	people	opposition	part	government	jean	chretien	prime	minister	told	house	commons	yesterday	suspension	group	john	howard	australian	prime	minister	severe	options	matches	penalties	previously	imposed	pakistan	fiji	observing	basic	democratic	principles	result	maintains	commonwealth's	credibility	howard	issue	revisited	months	time	regard	progress	zimbabwe	mugabe	widely	condemned	rigging	election	held	march	commonwealth	australia	zealand	britain	led	move	suspend	country	resisted	african	caribbean	countries	threatening	split	group	racial	lines	south	african	observers	declared	election	legitimate	contrary	opinions	observers	commonwealth	european	union	thabo	mbeki	south	african	president	reluctant	impose	sanctions	zimbabwe	believed	olusegun	obasanjo	nigerian	leader	reservations	suspension	move	largely	symbolic	gesture	meant	underscore	disapproval	high	level	politically	motivated	violence	preceded	elections	zimbabwe's	harshest	critics	argued	country	suspended	elections	african	countries	supported	chretien	waitandsee	attitude	setting	threemember	committee	final	determination	election	election	observers	reported	thousands	voters	chance	cast	ballots	election	intimidated	voting	mugabe's	governing	zanupf	party	harare	zimbabwe's	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	challenged	mugabe	praised	commonwealth	concrete	action	suspension	reason	regarded	unambiguous	message	international	community	rule	democracy	upheld	part	world	welshman	ncube	mdc's	secretarygeneral	mugabe's	associates	bad	decision	tsvangirai	charged	treason	allegedly	plotting	assassinate	mugabe	offered	hold	talks	president	attempt	years	violence	critical	moment	restore	legitimacy	government	stolen	election	government	deal	national	questions	drought	food	shortages	tsvangirai	canada	opposition	parties	highly	critical	commonwealth	suspended	zimbabwe	indefinitely	mugabe	holds	free	fair	elections	slap	wrist	mugabe	opposition	members	loaded	gun	head	mugabe's	fingers	trigger	mdc	accept	coming	government	legitimacy	keith	martin	canadian	alliance	foreign	affairs	critic	joe	clark	conservative	leader	suspension	zimbabwe	step	series	moves	restore	democracy	southern	african	nation	question	actions	ensure	review	electoral	process	reversal	process	contribution	civility	zimbabwe	canada	froze	future	project	funding	zimbabwe	suspended	export	funding	week	banned	zimbabwe	officials	visiting	martin	sanctions	imposed	government	sat	fence	months	resulted	people	killed	tortured	canada	lead	canada	push	punitive	action	mugabe	band	thugs	brutalized	people	zimbabwe	means	indefinite	suspension	commonwealth	ban	travel	mugabe's	cronies	freeze	personal	assets	european	union	united	states	imposed	travel	ban	senior	members	mugabe's	entourage	frozen	assets	mugabe	led	zimbabwe	independence	britain	ruled	country	great	hope	prosperity	years	economy	collapsed	political	violence	aimed	white	land	owners	zanupf's	land	reform	program	people	died	tens	thousands	left	homeless	attacks	backed	mugabe's	government	white	farmer	shot	dead	monday	killed	copyright	national	post	online
174--------------
topic:	14	mugabe	election	government	zimbabwe	tsvangirai	mdc	president	intimidation	victory	harare
file label:mugabe
accuses	mugabe	intimidation	subhead	president	predicts	victory	opposition	alleges	vote	rigging	author	nicholas	kotch	cris	chinaka	harare	eve	presidential	vote	robert	mugabe	zimbabwe's	president	predicted	storm	victory	opposition	charged	wholesale	rigging	vote	minister	army	high	alert	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	polling	agents	briefly	abducted	government	supporters	called	latest	intimidation	intended	steal	election	eve	voting	due	start	today	united	states	charged	mugabe's	government	conducting	blatant	campaign	intimidation	win	poll	government	zimbabwe	continues	blatant	campaign	violence	intimidation	manipulation	electoral	process	effort	win	poll	clear	government	intends	win	election	means	richard	boucher	state	department	spokesman	morgan	tsvangirai	opposition	leader	accused	mugabe	militants	ruling	zimbabwean	african	national	unitypatriotic	front	party	destroy	mdc	years	undermining	integrity	independence	police	mdc	rallies	stopped	zanupf	militias	police	presidential	campaign	began	months	leaving	address	major	meetings	compared	mugabe	barnstormed	country	jonathan	moyo	information	minister	told	reporters	zimbabwe's	city	bulawayo	army	put	high	alert	poll	government	denied	reports	army	coup	support	mugabe	loses	army	high	alert	prime	minister	blair	making	kind	noise	making	moyo	referring	blair's	condemnation	mugabe	accuses	turn	interfering	britain's	colony	engineer	opposition	victory	moyo	foreign	journalists	entered	country	tourists	avoid	visa	restrictions	regarded	terrorists	risked	full	weight	law	mugabe	campaigning	energy	belies	years	oozed	confidence	final	rally	bindura	northeast	harare	launched	stinging	attack	blair	addressing	backers	zimbabwean	president	mocked	tsvangirai	puppet	london	calling	blair	arrogant	fellow	promised	bury	sponsor	blair	political	burial	tomorrow	tsvangirai	celebrates	birthday	tomorrow	accuses	mugabe	violence	intimidation	special	laws	dirty	tricks	fix	twoday	election	president	faces	toughest	challenge	independence	rally	mugabe	blamed	mdc	violence	copyright	national	post	online
175--------------
topic:	115	mugabe	election	mdc	zimbabwe	harare	opposition	tsvangirai	supporters	government	yesterday
file label:mugabe
president	unleashes	army	rocket	launchers	subhead	rumblings	rebellion	opposition	aghast	state	terrorism	author	jan	cienski	harare	zimbabwe	elements	zimbabwe's	army	began	leaving	barracks	yesterday	ominous	sign	robert	mugabe	intends	rig	weekend's	presidential	election	preparing	fight	opposition	challenges	group	veterans	zimbabwe's	independence	war	asked	foreign	mount	rebellion	mugabe	steals	election	harare	yesterday	michael	quintana	editor	africa	defence	journal	toured	military	barracks	capital	soldiers	moving	small	groups	trucks	time	cranborne	barracks	outskirts	capital	soldiers	towing	multiplerocket	launcher	fearsome	weapon	fire	rockets	seconds	surprised	coming	war	democratic	republic	congo	quintana	estimated	twothirds	soldiers	barracks	moved	fighters	flew	farmland	mashonaland	west	apparent	intimidatory	display	meant	underline	threat	spread	ruling	party	thugs	president	robert	mugabe	loses	election	war	observers	opposition	worry	mugabe	country's	president	years	independence	increasingly	reckless	attempt	hold	power	ruling	zimbabwean	african	national	unitypatriotic	front	party	moved	disenfranchise	thousands	supporters	opposition	movement	democratic	change	governmentcontrolled	election	watchdog	electoral	supervisory	commission	accredited	election	monitors	requested	opposition	movement	democratic	change	party	mdc	election	monitors	abducted	government	planning	call	teachers	police	army	supervise	voting	major	concern	reginald	matchabahove	head	independent	zimbabwe	election	support	network	official	election	watchdog	refuses	number	ballots	issued	making	easier	stuff	ballot	boxes	polling	stations	located	voting	rolls	include	names	people	zimbabwe	died	years	thousands	living	allowed	cast	ballots	country's	tiny	white	minority	disenfranchised	mugabe	issued	decree	earlier	ruled	illegal	supreme	court	forces	people	vote	home	districts	thousands	mdc	supporters	chased	homes	sought	refuge	harare	large	cities	brave	gangs	zanupf	thugs	vote	stay	harare	vote	desire	chikondi	mdc	party	worker	house	burned	week	zanupf	youth	militia	members	hiding	mdc's	harare	headquarters	risk	vote	insisting	travel	weekend	hometown	domboshawa	kilometres	north	capital	harare	mdc	stronghold	government	cut	number	polling	stations	party	charged	soldiers	police	officers	voted	watchful	eye	commanders	gaze	observers	matchabahove	government	apparently	continuing	register	zanupf	supporters	long	official	closing	voters	roll	morgan	tsvangirai	mdc	leader	giving	mugabe	toughest	challenge	accused	opponent	conducting	calculated	campaign	intimidation	violence	experienced	country	state	terrorism	citizens	state	agencies	state	institutions	built	specifically	terrorize	population	tsvangirai	yesterday	mdc	supporters	killed	presidential	campaign	began	january	fears	rising	explosion	violence	week	matter	result	election	mugabe	wins	fight	friend	mdc	supporter	trader	harare's	main	market	senior	government	officials	respect	mdc	victory	zimbabwe's	army	chief	warned	result	tsvangirai	victory	didymus	mutasa	zanupf's	external	affairs	chief	told	south	african	television	week	tsvangirai	wins	zanupf	support	coup	fight	settler	regime	order	install	british	puppet	tsvangirai	rising	chorus	domestic	international	outrage	mugabe	continues	campaign	country	rally	yesterday	hometown	chinhoyi	mugabe	returned	favourite	theme	attack	colonial	power	britain	time	teach	british	issue	defending	national	sovereignty	retreat	enthusiastic	crowd	supporters	predicted	victory	vowed	continue	pursuing	tsvangirai	election	opposition	leader	accused	assassinate	mugabe	murderer	unpunished	planned	deeds	escape	mugabe	comments	carried	stateowned	television	leaders	zimbabwean	liberators	peace	forum	association	matabele	veterans	fought	rhodesian	war	issued	dramatic	request	zimbabwe	matabeleland	long	bastion	resistance	mugabe	mdc	stronghold	appeal	amounted	de	facto	call	arms	risks	represented	mugabe's	government	proof	foreign	military	meddling	zimbabwe	country's	stateowned	newspapers	carried	frontpage	story	yesterday	claiming	britain	united	states	preparing	support	military	insurgency	zimbabwe	appealing	financial	logistical	support	struggle	aleck	ndlovu	directors	run	forum	defend	interests	people	zimbabwe	costs	stand	idly	election	free	fair	people	hungry	tired	happened	people	fight	copyright	national	post	online
176--------------
topic:	43	bush	copyright	government	straw	mugabe	mugabe's	day	business	johannesburg	global
file label:mugabe
uk	criticise	mugabe's	victory	author	johannesburg	credit	business	day	johannesburg	sa	mugabe	accommodate	opposition	government	form	coalition	government	official	source	resolve	zimbabwe's	political	crisis	mdc	dismissed	possibility	participation	arrangement	international	condemnation	mugabe's	win	mounted	yesterday	president	george	bush	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	delivering	criticism	bush	dealing	friends	figure	deal	flawed	election	straw	britain	recognise	result	legitimacy	hinted	tougher	policy	mugabe	european	union	review	sanctions	upcoming	summit	meeting	barcelona	spain	copyright	business	day	rights	reserved	distributed	allafrica	global	media	allafricacom	click	contact	copyright	holder	corrections	permission	republish	authorized	material
177--------------
topic:	156	election	mugabe	president	zimbabwe	poll	african	elections	vote	africa	victory
file label:mugabe
africa	endorses	mugabe	victory	west	condemns	author	ofeibea	quistarcton	credit	allafricacom	dateline	harare	international	reaction	controversial	reelection	zimbabwean	president	robert	mugabe	year	term	varied	widely	african	observers	generally	approved	victory	western	governments	denounced	observer	missions	south	africa	nigeria	namibia	organisation	african	unity	oau	poll	legitimate	largely	satisfactory	transparent	credible	free	fair	observer	teams	noted	long	queues	delays	chaotic	voting	namibians	zimbabwe's	election	system	water	tight	room	rigging	south	african	observer	team	blamed	long	lines	voters	unable	vote	waiting	hours	administrative	oversights	description	drew	audible	laughter	journalists	diplomats	attending	press	conference	capital	harare	wednesday	president	daniel	arap	moi	kenya	congratulated	mugabe	calling	victory	testimony	confidence	high	esteem	people	zimbabwe	hold	observations	southern	african	development	community	sadc	parliamentary	forum	team	differed	considerably	african	missions	sharp	contrast	african	observer	teams	forum	conduct	elections	fell	short	regional	expectations	climate	insecurity	obtaining	zimbabwe	parliamentary	elections	electoral	process	adequately	comply	norms	standards	elections	sadc	region	forum	statement	position	chimed	closely	views	expressed	main	zimbabwean	monitoring	group	zimbabwe	election	support	network	observers	monitoring	poll	heavily	critical	sadc	parliamentarians	view	echoed	norwegian	observer	delegation	tuesday	election	failed	meet	international	standards	norway	prime	minister	jan	petersen	statement	presidential	election	zimbabwe	satisfied	fundamental	requirements	democratic	election	mugabe's	main	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	movement	democratic	change	rejected	outcome	presidential	poll	result	illegitimate	clear	case	highway	robbery	mugabe	government	party	zanupf	tsvangirai	warned	disenfranchised	supporters	seething	implored	stay	calm	mdc	leader	systematic	cheating	spoiling	tactics	rigid	laws	sheer	obstruction	political	violence	intimidation	irregularities	practised	authorities	runup	poll	mugabe	announced	winner	percent	vote	leaving	tsvangirai	trailing	percent	government	rejected	criticism	describing	election	exemplary	free	fair	peaceful	western	governments	disagree	western	governments	lining	condemn	mugabe	government	african	bloc	appears	opted	solidarity	support	mugabe	jack	straw	foreign	secretary	colonial	power	britain	locked	verbal	war	mugabe	zimbabwean	head	state	bent	achieving	goal	power	costs	surprise	outcome	achieved	president	george	bush	added	voice	wednesday	night	categorically	rejecting	zimbabwe's	presidential	poll	recognize	outcome	election	flawed	dealing	friends	figure	deal	flawed	election	bush's	secretary	state	colin	powell	earlier	concluded	mugabe	claim	victory	democratic	legitimacy	france	germany	election	failed	free	fair	test	canadian	prime	minister	jean	chretien	election	good	australia	south	africa	nigeria	mandated	report	zimbabwe	presidential	poll	commonwealth	equally	critical	people	zimbabwe	sense	cheated	election	process	resort	violence	foreign	minister	alexander	downer	united	nations	secretarygeneral	kofi	annan	appealed	calm	poll	urged	zimbabweans	refrain	violence	annan	acknowledged	receiving	conflicting	reports	conduct	poll	facing	legal	challenge	opposition	contested	electoral	victory	mugabe	increasingly	isolated	international	stage	european	union	united	states	imposed	smart	selected	sanctions	mugabe	people	circle	zimbabwean	leader	silent	final	campaign	rally	friday	people	eagerly	awaiting	victory	speech	president	harare	supporters	downtown	streets	capital	loudly	celebrating	victory	mugabe's	allies	detractors	hope	spending	time	reviewing	tense	situation	country	working	calm	fears	concern	rally	zimbabweans	copyright	allafricacom	rights	reserved	distributed	allafrica	global	media	allafricacom	click	contact	copyright	holder	corrections	permission	republish	authorized	material
178--------------
topic:	146	arms	zimbabwe	war	countries	weapons	guns	bases	veterans	army	embargo
file label:mugabe
zanu	pf	readies	war	basildon	peta	special	projects	editor	pm	gmt	zimbabwe	amassing	huge	quantities	arms	ammunition	african	allies	preparation	year's	crucial	presidential	election	established	financial	gazette	investigations	oneandahalf	months	revealed	democratic	republic	congo	drc	namibia	helping	zimbabwe	circumvent	international	arms	embargo	buy	huge	quantities	guns	bullets	year's	ballot	arms	embargo	imposed	harare	year	europe	united	states	president	robert	mugabe's	government	appalling	human	rights	record	investigations	show	zimbabwe	importing	massing	assortment	guns	army	bases	country	preparation	poll	expected	violent	guns	arriving	secretly	suri	suri	airbase	chegutu	distributed	military	bases	farms	selfstyled	war	veterans	established	bases	intimidate	voters	bulk	weapons	arrived	drc	country's	military	cargo	plane	weapons	consist	significant	portion	frenchmade	guns	top	government	sources	distributed	war	veterans	central	ruling	zanu	pf	party's	reelection	strategy	presidential	poll	sources	zimbabwe	massive	depletion	armoury	participation	threeyearold	drc	war	finding	extremely	difficult	replenish	arms	stocks	traditional	cheaper	arms	suppliers	europe	refusing	sell	arms	forced	army	implement	unpalatable	measures	including	grounding	entire	fleet	hawk	fighter	aircraft	due	britain's	refusal	sell	spare	parts	virtually	european	union	member	states	severed	ties	zimbabwe	imposed	arms	embargo	country	buy	number	arms	countries	russia	china	greater	part	priced	weapons	ammunition	spares	sourced	european	countries	britain	sweden	france	years	longer	buy	arms	europe	moment	problems	top	ministry	defence	source	left	alternative	buy	weapons	allies	drc	access	european	weapons	preference	defence	minister	sydney	sekeramayi	declined	comment	allegations	sanctions	busting	massing	guns	army	bases	country	avoid	comment	sekeramayi	yesterday	immediately	cutting	telephone	asked	weapons	french	origin	finding	zimbabwe	interview	month	jerome	sautier	counsellor	french	embassy	harare	lieutenant	colonel	dault	defence	attache	france	selling	arms	zimbabwe	knowledge	arrival	french	arms	country	france	sold	arms	african	countries	turn	resell	countries	case	zimbabwe	africa	military	relationships	countries	instance	sold	arms	frenchspeaking	countries	arms	turn	resold	countries	sautier	adding	possibility	illegal	arms	trafficking	authority	french	government	secretary	namibian	high	commission	harare	mati	jose	knowledge	namibia	helping	zimbabwe	bust	arms	embargo	drc's	ambassador	zimbabwe	mawapanga	mwanananga	reached	comment	authoritative	military	sources	army	training	arming	war	veterans	ensure	mugabe	reelected	ballot	held	march	number	bases	established	war	veterans	zimbabwe	areas	army	camps	sources	war	veterans	operate	bases	main	objective	impossible	mdc	campaign	rural	areas	opposition	supporters	harassed	ejected	rural	areas	disable	voting	constituencies	number	war	veterans	fact	armed	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	statement	zanu	pf	supporters	smashed	mdc	leader	morgan	tsvangirai's	vehicle	thwarted	planned	meeting	party's	structures	sanyati	week	armed	guns	senior	government	official	sympathize	change	presidential	elections	judging	groundwork	zanu	pf	deal	opposition	afraid	change	coming
179--------------
topic:	84	africa	robert	mugabe	zimbabwe	electoral	development	countries	election	power	war
file label:mugabe
presidential	vote	zimbabwe	robert	mugabe	reproached	secret	determination	stay	power	means	electoral	hijacking	announced	prepared	organized	place	surprised	lost	parliamentary	majority	june	head	state	stated	restated	supporters	presidential	election	war	good	word	war	land	continued	risk	causing	famine	army	swore	allegiance	father	independence	verdict	ballot	box	independence	zimbabwe's	justice	system	compromised	local	press	harassed	opposition	mdc	movement	democratic	change	victim	state	terrorism	candidate	morgan	tsvangirai	rightly	condemned	beaten	election	loaded	start	finish	drawing	electoral	lists	counting	votes	real	secret	ballot	box	revealed	fait	accompli	zimbabwe	challenge	international	community	rise	meet	making	radical	indignant	protests	prevent	disaster	awaiting	key	countries	southern	africa	continent's	growth	pole	weapon	socalled	intelligent	sanctions	proved	ineffective	punitive	measures	late	served	deny	robert	mugabe	associates	trips	access	funds	spirited	amounted	ban	holidays	golden	retirement	finally	importantly	great	britain	remained	locked	familiar	psychodrama	colonizer	colonized	africa	observers	ratified	shameful	electoral	sham	kenya	tanzania	congratulated	robert	mugabe	reelection	time	speak	language	truth	absence	democracy	africa	longer	problem	europe	lack	development	time	good	governance	condition	aid	partnership	african	development	nepad	entertain	international	gallery	occasional	conference	sustainable	development	africa	impose	minimum	probity	respect	fundamental	liberties	means	robert	mugabe	remains	power	maize	oil	electricity	supplies	south	africa	zimbabwe	torment	torment	fortunately	europe	longer	africa's	policeman	demand	countries	africa	put	house	order
180--------------
topic:	159	president	mbeki	zimbabwe	mugabe	african	commonwealth	government	election	report	observer
file label:mugabe
johannesburg	march	sapa	mbeki	meet	mugabe	tsvangirai	harare	monday	corrects	title	australian	pm	updates	zuma	attending	inauguration	president	thabo	mbeki	fly	harare	monday	meet	zimbabwean	president	robert	mugabe	opposition	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	presidential	spokesman	bheki	khumalo	told	sapa	saturday	khumalo	nigerian	president	olusegun	obasanjo	attend	talks	culminate	tuesday	met	australian	prime	minister	john	howard	london	mugabe	inaugurated	zimbabwean	president	sunday	controversial	reelection	weekend	elected	prime	minister	effectively	ruled	country	mbeki	obasanjo	howard	mandated	commonwealth	heads	government	meeting	chogm	australia	decide	action	situation	zimbabwe	decision	based	commonwealth	observer	team's	report	legitimacy	election	prepared	southern	african	development	community	organisation	african	unity	sa	observer	mission	commonwealth	team	earlier	week	conditions	zimbabwe	adequately	free	fair	expression	electorate	sadc	saturday	endorsed	vote	parliamentary	forum	judging	march	election	conform	norms	standards	sadc	parliamentary	forum	signed	zimbabwe	team	organisation's	council	ministers	hand	considered	vote	true	reflection	people's	organisation	african	unity	oau	backed	zimbabwean	president	robert	mugabe's	reelection	observer	team	describing	poll	transparent	credible	free	fair	south	africa's	observer	mission	endorsed	vote	interim	report	authorities	charged	conducting	elections	discharged	work	satisfactorily	team	acknowledged	election	campaign	characterised	polarisation	tension	incidents	violence	intimidation	terms	commonwealth's	mandate	action	zimbabwe	range	collective	disapproval	suspension	mbeki	record	commonwealth	issues	chogm	decided	ways	helping	zimbabwe	land	reform	food	aid	statesanctioned	land	invasions	times	declared	illegal	zimbabwe's	courts	drought	disrupted	zimbabwe's	food	production	famine	looming	country	foreign	affairs	spokesman	ronnie	mamoepa	mbeki's	deputy	jacob	zuma	represent	country	controversially	reelected	president	robert	mugabe's	latest	inauguration	scheduled	sunday	harare	reason	mbeki	attend	reports	lagos	obasanjo	attend	heads	state	saturday	attend	including	tanzania's	benjamin	nkapa	malawi's	bakili	muluzi	sadc's	president	mamoepa	key	points	agenda	zimbabwe's	economic	recovery	social	stability	context	national	unity	source	sapa	lepk	date	mar
181--------------
topic:	46	mugabe	land	votes	government	economic	party	majority	country's	mugabe's	zanupf
file label:mugabe
harare	march	xinhua	shortcomings	incumbent	president	robert	mugabe's	rule	zimbabwe's	economic	decline	years	leader	carried	palm	country's	closestfought	presidential	election	independence	years	nationwide	polling	results	released	country's	electoral	authorities	wednesday	gave	mugabe	ruling	zimbabwe	african	national	union	patriotic	front	zanupf	votes	percent	closest	rival	morgan	tsvangirai	movement	democratic	change	mdc	votes	percent	years	strong	fist	carries	force	tumble	roll	times	mugabe	boasted	rally	defending	crown	lastditch	efforts	veteran	statesman	bragged	young	man	abundant	reserves	energy	continue	ruling	zimbabwe	finally	won	political	boxing	match	tsvangirai	youthful	opponent	celebrated	birthday	sunday	analysts	mugabe	african	nationalists	rode	power	colonial	winds	change	won	strength	appeal	zanupf's	land	policy	government	seizing	idle	farms	white	farmers	bulk	country's	arable	land	resettle	landless	peasants	reelected	president	received	votes	rural	areas	voter	turnout	considered	higher	towns	cities	comments	echoed	rural	voters	majority	voted	zanupf	voting	land	people	rural	areas	support	ruling	party	party	genuine	policy	land	reform	government	giving	land	win	votes	kudakwashe	mapfumo	family	beneficiaries	land	reform	piece	land	parents	farm	provide	food	mapfumo	zanupf	activist	analysts	reason	mugabe	win	poll	wise	campaign	strategy	mugabe	strongholds	countryside	election	campaign	urban	areas	tsvangirai	enjoyed	support	urban	workers	depending	heavily	rural	support	mugabe	told	thousands	urbanizers	focus	housing	job	creation	reelected	policies	result	creation	jobs	youths	leaving	school	colleges	issue	good	housing	similar	services	top	priority	government	mugabe	rally	held	capital	harare	biggest	political	fortress	mdc	party	votes	mugabe	garnered	votes	coming	towns	cities	boosting	lead	crucial	poll	economic	hardships	food	shortages	experienced	zimbabweans	analysts	major	achievements	mugabe's	government	credited	mugabe's	country	boast	good	education	system	good	health	system	extent	affected	lackluster	economy	large	number	middleaged	people	benefited	mugabe's	reign	nostalgic	lost	time	voted	strong	hope	economic	revival	wrong	zanupf	leadership	zimbabweans	chose	mugabe	political	strong	man	lured	millennium	economic	recovery	program	blueprint	government	hopes	stabilize	economy	curtailing	state	expenditure	reforming	public	enterprises	expanding	agriculture
182--------------
topic:	185	zimbabwe	election	mugabe	government	prescott	countries	zimbabwe's	african	people	million
file label:mugabe
nairobi	march	xinhua	zimbabwean	president	robert	mugabe's	reelection	praised	organization	african	unity	oau	african	countries	condemned	western	countries	oau	observer	team	zimbabwe	election	held	march	free	fair	basis	observations	voting	verification	counting	process	ground	objective	realities	oau	observer	team	wishes	state	general	elections	transparent	credible	free	fair	team's	leader	gertrude	mongella	congratulation	message	zimbabwean	counterpart	robert	mugabe	tanzanian	president	benjamin	mkapa	calls	champion	democracy	pleased	send	warm	congratulations	renewed	deserved	presidential	mandate	people	zimbabwe	mkapa	great	tragedy	determine	outcome	african	election	europe	mkapa	people	zimbabwe	decide	lead	loudly	people	zimbabwe	reelected	consistent	defending	inalienable	rights	country's	freedom	democratic	sovereign	government	mkapa	kenyan	president	daniel	arap	moi	congratulated	mugabe	reelection	victory	zanupf	party	testimony	confidence	high	esteem	people	zimbabwe	hold	southern	african	development	community	sadc	team	sadc	council	ministers	considered	vote	zimbabwe	true	reflection	people's	chief	sadc	parliamentary	observer	duke	lefhoko	results	affair	people	zimbabwe	sadc	council	ministers	statement	appeals	people	zimbabwe	accept	results	south	african	government	statement	welcomes	fact	actual	elections	subsequent	processes	proceeded	significant	conflict	participants	statement	preliminary	report	south	african	observer	mission	zimbabwe's	elections	considered	legitimate	nigerian	government	key	player	africa's	reaction	events	zimbabwe	announce	thursday	verdict	elections	information	minister	jerry	gana	zimbabwe's	presidential	election	condemned	western	countries	assistant	secretary	african	affairs	walter	kansteiner	statement	called	zimbabwe's	election	flawed	sanctions	mugabe	government	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	months	government	zimbabwe	conducted	systematic	campaign	violence	intimidation	designed	achieve	outcome	power	costs	mugabe	stolen	zimbabwe's	vote	outcome	enormous	implications	nature	ukzimbabwe	relationship	france's	foreign	ministry	spokesman	francois	rivasseau	zimbabwe's	election	considered	substantially	free	fair	germany's	foreign	ministry	spokesman	andreas	michaelis	information	points	fact	assumed	equal	chances	candidates	election	denmark's	foreign	minister	stig	moeller	government	cut	aid	zimbabwe	shut	embassy	harare	european	union	toughening	sanctions	mugabe	regime	foreign	ministers	meet	barcelona	summit	friday	saturday	denmark	gave	zimbabwe	aid	worth	million	euros	million	dollars	million	euros	complete	projects	underway	zimbabwe's	incumbent	president	robert	mugabe	won	country's	closestfought	presidential	election	independence	years	final	election	results	showed	wednesday	nationwide	election	results	mugabe	gained	percent	total	valid	votes	votes	morgan	tsvangirai	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	percent	votes	million	million	registered	voters	zimbabwe	estimated	voted	controversial	election	ended	monday	high	court	extended	voting	day
183--------------
topic:	156	election	mugabe	president	zimbabwe	poll	african	elections	vote	africa	victory
file label:mugabe
sharp	divisions	western	countries	africa	emerge	political	reporters	sharp	divisions	western	countries	africa	emerged	fate	zimbabwe's	presidential	election	results	china	thrown	weight	president	mugabe	united	states	britain	western	countries	declared	outcome	illegitimate	african	leaders	china	upheld	elections	united	states	imposed	sanctions	country	quick	president	mugabe	systematically	subverted	democracy	european	nations	signs	country's	presidential	poll	deeply	flawed	stark	contrast	election	observers	black	african	nations	nigeria	south	africa	tanzania	kenya	namibia	endorsed	vote	returned	president	mugabe	power	successive	term	secretary	state	colin	powell	washington	sanctions	results	march	election	overwhelming	evidence	polling	free	fair	preelection	period	marked	sustained	governmentorchestrated	campaign	intimidation	violence	numerous	profound	irregularities	electoral	process	resulted	outcome	reflect	people	zimbabwe	powell	years	president	mugabe's	administration	systematically	subverted	democratic	principles	processes	actions	resulted	thousands	zimbabweans	disenfranchised	local	political	scientists	yesterday	comments	coming	western	countries	surprising	decisions	accept	president	mugabe's	victory	election	dr	ibbo	mandaza	chairman	southern	african	regional	institute	policy	studies	editorinchief	zimbabwe	mirror	blamed	media	sections	academia	acted	collusion	people	country	agenda	country	shape	perceptions	developments	zimbabwe	interference	british	issue	land	dr	mandaza	ruled	possibility	rebellion	vanquished	capacity	minority	committed	west	zimbabwe	long	people	zimbabwe	committed	country	prosper	rebellion	majority	voted	president	mugabe	capacity	case	university	zimbabwe	lecturer	dr	vimbai	chivaura	africa	interests	west	foolhardy	expect	give	favourable	comment	presidential	elections	interests	people	report	west	enemy	surprising	gave	favourable	comment	dr	chivaura	fact	majority	zimbabweans	voted	president	mugabe	concerned	british	americans	worry	continue	business	usual	expect	commonwealth	positive	zimbabwe	head	queen	dr	chivaura	reaction	western	governments	reuters	stark	contrast	remarks	election	observers	nigeria	south	africa	namibia	nigerian	group	recorded	incident	threaten	integrity	election	south	african	observers	poll	legitimate	namibia's	observer	team	election	watertight	room	rigging	observer	team	organisation	african	unity	hailed	election	transparent	credible	free	fair	kenyan	president	daniel	arap	moi	congratulated	president	mugabe	victory	testimony	confidence	high	esteem	people	zimbabwe	hold	congratulatory	message	carried	south	african	vicepresident	jacob	zuma	affirmation	southern	african	countries	recognition	elections	deals	blow	western	reliance	south	africa	transmit	sanctions	message	mbeki's	stance	elections	signals	oneness	continent	enjoyed	lack	west	exploited	put	power	puppets	events	unfold	zimbabwe	people	realised	election	cde	mugabe	senior	state	department	official	washington	expected	freeze	assets	held	president	mugabe	close	associates	united	states	threat	months	european	union	united	states	failed	produce	evidence	president	mugabe	foreign	assets	zimbabwean	president	dismissed	allegations	openly	invited	countries	confiscate	find	united	states	european	union	imposed	travel	ban	zimbabwean	leadership	month	bid	bolster	chances	opposition	mdc	candidate	morgan	tsvangirai	winning	elections	secretarygeneral	kofi	annan	acknowledged	conflicting	reports	poll	conducted	urged	zimbabweans	refrain	violence	triumphed	european	governments	appeared	holding	fire	eu	reviewed	reports	poll	observers	expressed	surprise	cde	mugabe	triumphed	challenger	morgan	tsvangirai	norway	observers	poll	european	states	openly	denounce	election	presidential	election	zimbabwe	satisfied	fundamental	requirements	democratic	election	foreign	minister	jan	petersen	statement	british	foreign	secretary	jack	straw	told	reporters	months	government	zimbabwe	conducted	systematic	campaign	violence	intimidation	designed	achieve	outcome	power	costs	declined	action	britain	colonial	power	consulting	eu	commonwealth	france	germany	early	information	pointed	vote	failing	free	fair	president	mugabe	won	percent	vote	percent	tsvangirai	movement	democratic	change	tsvangirai	accused	president	mugabe	power	years	systematically	stealing	election	intimidation	special	laws	dirty	tricks	human	rights	group	amnesty	international	concerned	high	risk	violence	aftermath	election	opposition	supporters	action	ensure	post	election	period	free	human	rights	abuses	marred	runup	presidential	elections	military	presence	built	towns	bulawayo	gweru	kwekwe	human	rights	defenders	coming	increased	threat	observers	southern	africa	development	community's	sadc	parliamentary	forum	financed	european	union	kicked	country	electoral	process	adequately	complied	norms	standards	elections	sadc	region	australian	observers	feared	violence	voters	thought	election	stolen	violence	occurred	nigeria	south	africa	australia	mandated	commonwealth	report	poll	group	failed	agree	suspend	zimbabwe	summit	month	zealand	wednesday	stood	ready	impose	sanctions	commonwealth	chose	suspend	harare	canada	studying	observers	reports	prime	minister	jean	chretien	told	parliament	agree	good
184--------------
topic:	180	election	eu	mugabe	sadc	president	groups	free	russia	ratification	letter
file label:mugabe
observer	groups	funded	eu	herald	reporter	observer	groups	critical	ended	presidential	election	funded	european	union	learnt	diplomatic	sources	yesterday	southern	african	development	community	sadc	parliamentary	forum	observer	mission	zimbabwe	election	support	network	zesn	funded	eu	kicked	zimbabwe	denied	opportunity	observe	election	groups	criticised	election	process	sadc	parliamentary	forum	meet	regional	grouping's	standards	elections	sadc	ministerial	task	force	election	free	fair	foreignfunded	local	ngo	zesn	poll	chaotic	sources	eu	barred	government	observing	election	members	openly	supporting	mdc	ms	maria	macchiaverna	support	financial	management	assistance	sadc	parliamentary	forum	zesn	sources	eu	advised	government	arrival	official	letter	dated	march	seeking	assistance	cleared	immigration	authorities	explains	groups	critical	election	paid	asked	paint	bad	picture	easy	paint	bad	picture	eyes	closed	paid	sources	negative	reports	observer	groups	declared	election	free	fair	sadc	ministerial	observer	team	yesterday	congratulated	president	mugabe	victory	team	met	president	mugabe	zimbabwe	house	briefed	opinion	presidential	election	substantially	free	fair	view	contrary	west	speaking	behalf	team	angolan	deputy	information	social	services	minister	manuel	augusto	africa	qualified	judge	poll	western	countries	prejudged	outcome	sadc	country	months	win	election	countries	months	predicted	result	election	europeans	views	africa	africa	leave	zimbabwe	sense	accomplishment	observing	election	told	reporters	meeting	cde	mugabe	added	witness	election	observe	vote	results	election	true	zimbabwean	people	views	normal	tanzanian	democratic	republic	congo	observer	teams	met	president	mugabe	congratulate	victory	election	free	fair
185--------------
topic:	159	president	mbeki	zimbabwe	mugabe	african	commonwealth	government	election	report	observer
file label:mugabe
cape	town	march	sapa	sa	adopts	calm	forwardlooking	approach	zim	president	thabo	mbeki	south	african	government	adopted	calm	forwardlooking	approach	zimbabwe	government	statement	thursday	night	day	president	robert	mugabe	swept	victory	controversial	poll	mbeki	avoided	pronouncing	freeness	fairness	election	mbeki	world	leaders	decide	behalf	commonwealth	punitive	action	harare	president	consulting	world	leaders	assessing	host	observer	mission	reports	statement	basis	reports	consultations	proceeding	principle	south	africa	act	part	collective	international	effort	comprehensive	statement	due	south	african	government	believes	urgent	challenge	work	zimbabwean	people	economic	recovery	social	stability	promote	climate	national	unity	pursuit	objectives	interest	country	region	continent	statement	mbeki	constant	consultation	commonwealth	secretarygeneral	don	mckinnon	nigeria's	president	olusegun	obasanjo	australia's	prime	minister	john	howard	mbeki	obasanjo	howard	mandated	commonwealth	heads	government	meeting	australia	decide	zimbabwe's	fate	commonwealth	observers	mission	submitted	report	presidential	election	earlier	thursday	commonwealth	observer	team	interim	report	conditions	zimbabwe	adequately	free	fair	expression	electorate	eyes	commonwealth	troika	decide	mugabe	government	penalised	terms	commonwealth's	mandate	action	zimbabwe	range	collective	disapproval	suspension	decided	mugabe	returned	power	undemocratically	south	african	government	note	reports	observer	missions	including	commonwealth	urged	zimbabweans	put	differences	work	future	country	statement	reports	included	southern	african	development	community's	council	ministers	declared	election	substantially	free	fair	organisation	african	unity	general	elections	transparent	credible	free	fair	government	noted	sa	observer	mission	saom	report	election	adequately	free	fair	considered	legitimate	statement	statement	silent	sadc	parliamentary	observer	team	report	regional	bloc's	election	norms	standards	zimbabwe	signatory	met	confirmed	deputy	president	jacob	zuma	mbeki's	special	emissary	harare	thursday	result	pretoria's	calm	forwardlooking	approach	zuma's	spokeswoman	lakela	kaunda	told	sapa	deputy	president	mugabe	special	message	mbeki	congratulated	reelection	based	saom's	interim	report	kaunda	declined	give	details	zuma	report	mbeki	thursday	zuma	accompanied	labour	minister	membathisi	mdladlana	served	southern	african	development	community	ministerial	task	team	zimbabwe	zuma	held	talks	zimbabwean	counterpart	simon	muzenda	foreign	news	agencies	zuma	told	zimbabwean	state	radio	arrival	harare	thursday	discrediting	zimbabwe's	electoral	process	listen	africans	south	african	government	happy	saom	report	elections	legitimate	saom	head	sam	motsuenyane	radio	interview	thursday	election	legitimate	stopped	short	free	fair	unable	explain	apparent	contradiction	statement	released	thursday	kaunda	zuma's	visit	part	ongoing	consultation	governments	zuma	informed	mugabe	saom	report	part	process	involving	bodies	sadc	oau	commonwealth	member	organisations	south	africa	await	reports	responding	definitively	issue	deputy	president	president	mugabe	agreed	continued	consultation	cooperation	governments	address	economic	matters	shortage	grain	continued	cooperation	trade	investments	number	bilateral	issues	zuma	pledged	continued	support	zimbabwe	people	source	sapa	aqim	date	mar
186--------------
topic:	180	election	eu	mugabe	sadc	president	groups	free	russia	ratification	letter
file label:mugabe
stop	circus	gmt	year	gently	attempting	nudge	zimbabwe's	government	embracing	minimum	conditions	free	fair	presidential	election	local	international	groups	find	square	unable	move	harare	authorities	inch	diplomatic	missions	organisations	european	union	eu	commonwealth	southern	africa	development	community	sadc	africa's	powerhouse	nigeria	harare	emptyhanded	attempts	zimbabwe's	civic	bodies	crisis	group	national	constitutional	assembly	wellmeaning	churches	roman	catholics	socalled	national	economic	consultative	forum	ways	groups	sought	dialogue	confrontation	prod	president	robert	mugabe	reason	put	nation	embark	suicidal	path	chosen	predictably	advice	fallen	stones	suggestions	mugabe	care	interested	retaining	power	cost	presidential	election	month	organisations	grown	tired	insisting	initial	demands	scaling	frustrated	listening	groups	long	urged	formation	independent	electoral	commission	charge	preparations	conduct	ballot	reluctantly	accommodate	mugabe's	partisan	electoral	supervisory	commission	bodies	long	called	deployment	independent	election	observers	zimbabwean	international	place	weeks	polls	clear	obvious	organisations	whatsoever	deter	mugabe	claim	victory	ballot	fraudulent	time	stop	tragic	circus	madness	eu	commonwealth	due	meet	shortly	realise	running	meaningful	options	influence	events	zimbabwe	eu's	submissions	weeks	international	observers	pliant	handpicked	government	validate	sham	ground	bloc	talking	harare	point	engaging	dialogue	government	interested	buying	time	fervently	escalates	campaign	bludgeoning	citizens	hope	frightening	voters	supporting	mugabe	south	african	president	thabo	mbeki's	point	sadc	ensure	zimbabwe	free	election	practical	regional	body	ensure	mugabe	complies	eu	sadc	meaningful	action	move	harare	authorities	hold	peace	eu	sadc	refuse	send	observers	allowed	ground	week	early	week	latest	groups	reject	advance	fraud	staged	guise	election	mugabe	urgently	meets	minimum	conditions	semblance	free	fair	ballot	mbeki	included	mugabe	chance	winning	ballot	free	intimidation	violence	desperate	lastminute	act	buy	votes	hurried	land	reforms
187--------------
topic:	163	mugabe	zimbabwe	president	land	government	election	opposition	britain	party	western
file label:mugabe
harare	march	xinhua	western	pressure	reelection	victory	zimbabwean	president	robert	mugabe	sworn	sunday	country's	head	state	serve	sixyear	term	salute	sounding	fighter	jets	sweeping	overhead	colorful	inauguration	place	thunderous	applause	thousands	ruling	party	supporters	chief	justice	godfrey	chidyausiku	presided	swearingin	ceremony	witnessed	leaders	african	countries	including	malawian	president	bakili	muluzi	namibian	president	sam	nujoma	democratic	republic	congo	president	joseph	kabila	mozambican	president	joaquim	chissano	tanzanian	president	benjamin	mukapa	south	african	vicepresident	jacob	zuma	zambian	vicepresident	enock	kavendele	zimbabwe's	top	judge	dressing	britishstyle	scarlet	black	robes	shoulderlength	horsehair	judicial	wigs	bedecked	mugabe	red	sash	office	robert	gabriel	mugabe	swear	faithful	laws	republic	zimbabwe	god	mugabe	flanked	lady	grace	mugabe	ruling	zimbabwe	african	national	unionpatriotic	front	zanupf	won	weekend's	presidential	election	polling	closest	rival	morgan	tsvangirai	movement	democratic	change	mdc	polled	votes	state	house	ceremony	held	thousands	zanupf	supporters	clothing	emblazoned	mugabe's	portrait	singing	dancing	celebrate	victory	hope	mugabe	finally	deliver	promises	give	land	owned	country's	white	minority	inauguration	speech	shortly	sworn	president	mugabe	vowed	continue	government's	controversial	land	reform	program	told	thousands	cheering	supporters	land	reforms	proceed	greater	speed	strength	shore	economy	badly	battered	years	political	instability	program	government	idle	farms	white	farmers	bulk	zimbabwe's	arable	land	resettle	landless	blacks	form	centerpiece	efforts	revive	economy	blacks	play	meaningful	role	economy	land	reforms	mugabe	runup	march	poll	critics	accused	zimbabwean	leader	stirring	emotive	land	issue	garner	support	country's	closestfought	election	independence	told	nation	spite	stiff	opposition	agrarian	reforms	powerful	western	countries	country's	colonial	power	britain	press	seize	farms	whites	resettle	blacks	message	accepted	britain	zimbabwe	zimbabweans	land	intention	owning	piece	land	britain	mugabe	victory	poll	stunning	blow	imperialism	thanked	african	countries	supporting	zimbabwe	standoff	western	countries	agrarian	reforms	african	leaders	supported	mugabe's	reelection	victory	zimbabwe's	crucial	election	transparent	credible	free	fair	mugabe	zimbabwe	needed	continued	support	called	hostile	international	attention	aim	zimbabwe	zimbabwe	countries	mind	campaign	reelection	zimbabwean	leader	repeatedly	accused	britain	western	allies	reassert	neocolonial	rule	zimbabwe	region	installing	compliant	opposition	party	power	people	people	people	africa	joint	effort	rejecting	neocolonial	attempt	africa	africans	mugabe	mugabe	strong	regional	pressure	form	government	national	unity	incorporating	closest	rival	poll	ensure	political	economic	stability	zimbabwe	south	african	president	thabo	mbeki	president	olusegun	obasanjo	expected	harare	monday	talks	zimbabwean	leader	government	national	unity	australian	prime	minister	john	howard	members	commonwealth	panel	charged	assessing	election	recommending	action	group	zimbabwe	panel	scheduled	meet	london	tuesday	diplomats	government	national	unity	partly	intended	britain	united	states	save	face	insistence	mdc	victory	zimbabwe's	election	european	union	eu	joined	opposition	alleging	election	free	fair	threatened	sanctions	zimbabwe	final	communique	issued	saturday	evening	barcelona	eu	summit	european	union	maintain	humanitarian	assistance	people	zimbabwe	additional	targeted	measures	government	sunday's	inauguration	ceremony	boycotted	eu	countries	members	commonwealth	opposition's	members	parliament	stayed	inaugural	address	mugabe	extended	olive	branch	opposition	join	rebuilding	country's	economy	suffered	years	consecutive	decline	role	energy	spent	reviving	economy	plotting	bring	call	ruling	party	opposition	unite	people	areas	work	common	destiny	mugabe	mdc	party	rejected	voting	results	claiming	government	rigged	poll	favor	incumbent	president	mugabe	mdc	leader	tsvangirai	preelection	violence	prevented	party	campaigning	rural	areas	stronghold	ruling	party	thousands	supporters	towns	disenfranchised	failed	vote	authorities	reduced	polling	centers	urban	areas	zanupf	government	denied	rigging	election	mugabe	won	strength	appeal	zanupf's	land	policy	analysts	mugabe	received	votes	rural	areas	voter	turnout	considered	higher	towns	cities
188--------------
topic:	128	election	mugabe	cde	elections	government	observers	presidential	britain	invited	zimbabwe
file label:mugabe
poll	observers	invited	presidential	reporter	president	mugabe	yesterday	invited	foreign	observers	international	organisations	individual	countries	observe	forthcoming	presidential	election	observers	britain	cde	mugabe	told	journalists	state	house	harare	joint	acpeuropean	union	commonwealth	teams	invited	observe	march	presidential	election	include	britain	accused	interfering	internal	politics	zimbabwe	line	zimbabwe's	tradition	holding	open	democratic	elections	government	inviting	organisations	governments	send	observers	witness	electoral	process	people	zimbabwe	proudly	exercise	sovereign	freely	elect	president	choice	organisation	african	unityafrica	union	oauau	southern	africa	development	community	sadc	common	market	east	southern	africa	comesa	economic	community	west	african	states	ecowas	nonaligned	movement	nam	commonwealth	excluding	united	kingdom	joint	acpeu	delegation	excluding	united	kingdom	led	acp	national	association	advancement	coloured	people	naacp	united	states	america	individuals	countries	invited	capacities	include	federal	republic	nigeria	sadc	nigeria	invited	send	observers	immediately	president	appealed	political	parties	churches	war	veterans	farmers	unions	trade	unions	business	associations	media	houses	women	youth	organisations	civic	society	exchange	views	political	violence	create	atmosphere	conducive	holding	free	fair	peaceful	election	cde	mugabe	government	ensure	holding	free	fair	election	previous	elections	conducted	country	attainment	independence	president	united	kingdom	colonial	power	send	observers	relations	zimbabwe	britain	soured	london's	interference	harare's	internal	affairs	sponsorship	opposition	mdc	party	government	accused	britain	player	zimbabwe's	internal	politics	impartial	observer	britain	late	forefront	calling	sanctions	zimbabwe	eu	suspension	country	commonwealth	cde	mugabe	recalling	supreme	sacrifice	paid	zimbabweans	struggle	selfdetermination	pride	exercising	sovereign	elect	president	choice	government	ensure	exercise	democratic	interference	quarter	whatsoever	internal	external	government	practice	accrediting	foreign	journalists	embassies	cover	forthcoming	election	basis	country's	laws	regulations	announced	dates	presidential	election	january	government	steps	set	processes	facilitate	holding	smooth	electoral	process	cde	mugabe	expressed	satisfaction	government's	preparations	election	election	underline	zimbabwe's	established	democratic	tradition	holding	regular	parliamentary	presidential	elections	attainment	independence	constitution	cde	mugabe	poll	held	government	held	elections	statements	western	governments	free	fair	west	africa	mind	mind	proceed	election	proceeded	remember	election	pronouncements	fair	cde	mugabe	election	world	incident	cited	case	british	deputy	prime	minister	prescott	punched	protester	hit	egg	run	general	elections	britain	year	eu	demonising	zimbabwe	fact	country	tradition	regular	democratic	elections	hand	union	quick	enter	alliances	countries	uganda	rwanda	tradition	democratic	polls	countries	violated	international	law	invading	drc	asked	chances	poll	cde	mugabe	representing	party	years	experience	won	parliamentary	presidential	elections	campaign	appeal	peoplewe	improve	lot	people	planned	people	present	situation	planned	future
189--------------
topic:	42	zimbabwe	government	sadc	observers	cde	mudenge	meeting	election	africa	political
file label:mugabe
club	eu	attempting	perpetuate	colonial	relationship	herald	reporter	government	yesterday	lambasted	commonwealth	european	union	attempting	perpetuate	colonial	relationship	europe	africa	opening	address	southern	africa	development	community	land	task	force	zimbabwe	minister	foreign	affairs	cde	stan	mudenge	zimbabwe	tired	dictated	eu	commonwealth	ministerial	action	group	engaged	dialogue	zimbabwe	government	mandate	free	proud	people	zimbabwe	return	country	colonial	neocolonial	status	blood	shed	suffering	endured	achieve	independence	regain	sovereignty	imagine	dictate	intimidate	submission	cde	mudenge	meeting	ministers	sadc	accept	participate	form	sanctions	zimbabwe	eu	commonwealth	forms	sanctions	talked	sadc	participate	form	sanctions	taskforce	chairperson	ms	lilian	patel	malawi	foreign	minister	eu	issue	sanctions	targeted	government	zanupf	officials	cde	mudenge	told	meeting	zimbabwe	addressing	issues	raised	organisations	address	issues	raised	zimbabwe	issued	ultimatums	countries	imposed	unofficial	sanctions	stood	honest	negotiations	minister	complying	demands	giving	country	colonial	masters	meeting	foreign	ministers	follow	issues	raised	heads	state	government	summit	malawi	ms	lilian	patel	situation	zimbabwe	required	mature	approach	sadc	situation	zimbabwe	require	careful	mature	approach	mutual	understanding	patience	complexity	ms	patel	taskforce	believed	constructive	political	dialogue	key	solving	problems	zimbabwe	taskforce	view	international	media	allowed	cover	country's	presidential	election	issue	resolved	government	cde	mudenge	malawi	summit	government	number	initiatives	implement	decisions	relation	zimbabwe	electoral	supervisory	commission	identified	trainers	monitors	countrywide	voter	education	programme	launched	underway	government	asked	esc	coordinate	drafting	code	conduct	consultation	political	parties	intending	contest	presidential	election	process	inviting	international	observers	started	week	continuing	members	ministerial	committee	fully	briefed	actions	deal	problem	violence	place	parts	country	cde	mudenge	ministers	chance	visit	area	political	violence	reported	cde	mudenge	government	ruling	party	launched	campaigns	political	violence	president	mugabe	inviting	political	parties	chiefs	churches	war	veterans	media	houses	civic	organisations	meeting	charting	peaceful	finding	ways	curtailing	incidents	violence	government	continues	uphold	freedom	expression	cases	held	custody	expressing	opinion	blantyre	summit	cde	mudenge	judiciary	remained	free	shown	cases	won	opposition	mdc	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	combined	harare	residents	association	sadc	forum	yesterday	send	observers	zimbabwe	month	presidential	election	assured	zimbabwe	government	formal	invitation	coming	set	team	members	observe	provinces	poling	stations	chairman	sadc's	parliamentary	forum	sam	mpasu	told	afp	blantyre	yesterday	observers	drawn	members	parliament	nations	mpasu	decision	send	observers	reached	harare	oneday	meeting	forum	week	mpasu	team	arrive	zimbabwe	month	crucial	march	election	added	president	mugabe	monday	sadc	groups	invited	send	observers	polls	invited	groups	comprise	african	nations	explicitly	exclude	britain	colonial	power	spearheaded	criticism	zimbabwe	government	sources	south	africa	sadc	member	earlier	pretoria	send	observers	election	separate	sadc	team	president	mugabe	invite	south	africa	statement	monday	nation	specifically	invited	send	observers	nigeria	sadc	comprises	angola	botswana	democratic	republic	congo	mozambique	malawi	mauritius	namibia	tanzania	lesotho	seychelles	swaziland	south	africa	zambia	zimbabwe
190--------------
topic:	85	constitution	election	mugabe	current	president	constitutional	elections	pf	zimbabwe	free
file label:mugabe
mugabe	confronted	constitution	issue	lovemore	madhuku	gmt	monumental	tragedy	zimbabwe	future	democratisation	process	fail	draw	proper	lessons	debacle	surrounding	justconcluded	presidential	election	warn	outset	groups	persons	analyses	handled	caution	group	media	group	winning	losing	politicians	groups	dominated	preelection	period	sorts	analyses	predictions	ascertained	declare	interests	outset	days	early	colleagues	tendai	biti	welshman	ncube	brian	kagoro	priscilla	misihairabwi	everjoice	win	tawanda	mutasa	participated	formulating	concept	national	constitutional	assembly	nca	clear	sole	purpose	current	zimbabwean	constitution	preserve	protect	rule	zanu	pf	view	colleagues	democratic	environment	free	fair	elections	norm	citizens	enjoy	real	freedoms	created	democratic	peopledriven	constitution	put	place	terms	view	impossible	change	government	election	conducted	terms	current	constitution	view	hold	strongly	confess	cloud	assessment	justconcluded	presidential	elections	doubt	presidential	election	free	fair	election	fails	meet	standard	free	fair	produces	illegitimate	outcome	regarded	admitting	doubt	election	stolen	march	outcome	illegitimate	allegations	rigging	arising	events	polling	days	lesson	learnt	poll	zimbabwe	genuinely	democratic	constitution	enshrining	universally	recognised	norms	institutions	holding	election	free	fair	ballot	remain	mirage	politicians	runup	election	peddled	theories	people	prevail	labyrinth	constitutional	provisions	loaded	free	fair	election	admit	wrong	problems	faced	election	roots	defective	nature	constitutional	framework	proceed	illustrate	truth	voter	registration	process	transparent	conducted	favour	ruling	party	main	reason	lack	transparency	terms	current	constitution	laws	voter	registration	conducted	officials	appointed	answerable	president	countries	process	handled	independent	electoral	commission	impartial	body	independence	guaranteed	constitution	case	socalled	supplementary	voters	roll	list	names	zanu	pf	supporters	compiled	dubious	circumstances	legal	validity	president	robert	mugabe	acting	terms	current	constitution	laws	designation	polling	stations	specifically	favoured	zanu	pf	granting	ridiculously	polling	stations	urban	areas	officials	appointed	answerable	mugabe	countries	independent	electoral	commission	constitutionally	enjoined	act	impartially	alleged	key	election	officials	presiding	officers	central	intelligence	organisation	operatives	countries	scope	madness	independent	electoral	commission	appoints	professional	election	officials	fourth	socalled	nogo	areas	mashonaland	central	west	east	parts	midlands	parliament	passed	public	order	security	act	police	deliberately	misinterpreted	suppress	opposition	constitution	specifically	provide	political	rights	free	equal	campaigning	platforms	competing	political	parties	rights	enshrined	opposition	approach	courts	orders	directing	police	facilitate	free	campaigning	socalled	nogo	areas	equal	access	public	media	guaranteed	constitution	enabled	zimbabwe	broadcasting	corporation	abuse	position	broadcasting	zanu	pf	propaganda	finally	significantly	president	enjoys	enormous	powers	current	constitution	electoral	chances	president	directed	tripartite	elections	harare	overrode	court	orders	contrary	tripartite	elections	contributed	ultimately	turnout	harare	supreme	court	nullified	general	laws	amendment	act	president	powers	reinstate	provisions	statutory	instrument	president	banned	postal	voting	zimbabweans	constituencies	members	army	police	alleged	voted	mugabe	ban	monitoring	elections	civic	society	reinstated	countless	examples	president's	powers	enjoys	current	constitution	mould	electoral	process	favour	conclusion	reached	picture	current	constitutional	legal	framework	holding	presidential	elections	impossible	vote	incumbent	president	naive	movement	democratic	change	people's	anger	mugabe	sufficient	carry	day	election	circumstances	issue	mugabe	mugabe	announce	retirement	expiry	sixyear	term	zanu	pf	field	illustrious	colleagues	presidential	candidate	fundamental	change	rules	zimbabweans	learn	bitter	lesson	zanu	pf	steal	election	wait	scenario	embrace	fight	constitution	learnt	lesson	irresponsible	seek	dispute	clear	fact	brings	points	spontaneous	uprising	mugabe	widespread	disbelief	greeted	victory	voters	urban	areas	zanu	pf	anticipated	uprising	massive	intimidatory	show	force	evident	deployment	security	forces	part	country	announcement	election	results	key	african	countries	accepted	mugabe's	victory	entire	western	world	rejected	election	results	points	crucial	discussion	options	discussed	confront	mugabe	regime	constitutional	question	constitutional	reform	heart	democratic	discourse	zimbabwe	mugabe	forced	yield	process	constitutional	reform	leading	constitution	mass	action	constitution	mass	action	constitution	places	mugabe	difficult	situation	heard	defend	current	constitution	roundly	condemned	current	constitution	stay	power	african	observers	endorsed	mugabe's	reelection	criticised	constitutional	framework	governing	elections	zimbabwe	fundamentally	struggle	constitution	question	principle	personalities	legitimate	struggle	mugabe	dismiss	western	imperialist	ploy	demands	clear	unambiguous	democratic	system	government	democratic	framework	conducting	elections	expanded	bill	rights	mugabe	moral	excuse	shooting	people	demanding	constitution	masses	required	struggle	succeed	substantial	struggle	spontaneous	uprising	core	determined	committed	zimbabweans	sufficient	purpose	critical	constitution	place	future	election	held	transparent	credible	manner	presidential	election	necessarily	years	current	constitution	president	powers	designate	successor	decide	retire	fresh	election	held	days	situation	arises	president	dies	office	zimbabweans	election	current	constitution	criticism	levelled	mass	action	aimed	confronting	mugabe	demand	constitution	translates	recognising	fact	government	illegitimate	useless	sophistry	mugabe	political	fact	legal	jargon	recognise	presidency	remains	de	facto	president	confronted	demand	constitutional	reform	nca	december	completed	draft	constitution	mugabe	justice	minister	patrick	chinamasa	refused	receive	draft	forced	mugabe	nca	hopes	zimbabweans	join	noble	put	place	secure	framework	good	governance	zimbabwe	lovemore	madhuku	task	force	chairperson	national	constitutional	assembly	lecturer	law	university	zimbabwe
191--------------
topic:	158	commonwealth	zimbabwe	mission	minister	blair	elections	report	leaders	britain	british
file label:mugabe
coolum	australia	march	afp	hopes	breakthrough	commonwealth's	bitter	deadlock	zimbabwe	rose	sunday	canada	sought	resolve	row	african	nations	accused	britain	neocolonialism	political	violence	lead	zimbabwe's	elections	weekend	overshadowed	commonwealth	heads	government	meeting	chogm	day	crunch	talks	britain	australia	abandoned	push	suspend	zimbabwe	commonwealth	march	elections	face	increasingly	angry	opposition	led	nigeria	south	africa	tanzania	britain	sanctions	imposed	commonwealth	monitors	find	evidence	ballot	rigging	credibility	commonwealth	severely	damaged	decisive	action	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	sunday	president	robert	mugabe	won	clear	won	fraud	doubt	zimbabwe	suspended	suspension	circumstances	commonwealth	badly	damaged	warned	zimbabwe's	minister	state	information	jonathan	mayo	accused	blair	leading	racist	campaign	colony	lashed	attacks	mugabe	disgraceful	unacceptable	zimbabwe	independent	sovereign	state	accordance	constitution	laws	moyo	told	reporters	claimed	opposition	leader	morgan	tsvangirai	british	sponsored	candidate	tanzania's	president	benjamin	mkapa	earlier	told	journalists	stout	rare	public	defence	mugabe	discussing	situation	coolum	talks	threatened	prerogative	sovereign	people	zimbabwe	unfettered	choice	leader	government	commonwealth	handle	zimbabwe	handle	zimbabwe	mkapa	railing	perceived	interference	country's	internal	affairs	proposals	involving	timetable	imposition	postelection	sanctions	put	canada's	prime	minister	jean	chretien	leaders	retreat	sign	breakthrough	agreed	elections	chretien	told	reporters	sunday	adding	communique	issued	monday	canadian	position	elections	occur	week	observers	wait	elections	concluding	formula	proposed	canada	include	mechanism	quick	decision	results	elections	drawn	believed	proposal	calls	report	observers	weeks	elections	decision	full	impose	sanctions	weeks	mugabe	reportedly	told	blair	pink	nose	affairs	sunherald	reported	sunday	hell	mugabe	people	decided	matters	britain's	responsibility	decide	elections	australian	foreign	minister	alexander	downer	told	australian	television	sunday	sympathy	mugabe's	comments	african	leaders	countries	part	british	empire	strong	sense	britain	countries	neocolonialist	commonwealth	organisations	observers	ground	zimbabwe	runup	elections	opposition	movement	democratic	change	mdc	led	tsvangirai	challenging	mugabe's	rule	issue	threatened	fracture	organisation	richpoor	blackwhite	lines	calls	head	queen	elizabeth	ii	opening	address	saturday	work	bridge	cultural	differences	asian	nations	privately	oppose	sanctions	fijian	foreign	minister	kaliopate	tavola	told	journalists	nation	suffered	commonwealth	sanctions	fiji	believed	wrong	fiji	readmitted	commonwealth	january	expelled	coup
192--------------
topic:	11	policies	countries	american	mkapa	zimbabwe	free	country	foreign	oil	elections
file label:mugabe
coolum	australia	march	sapa	mkapa	punitive	action	zim	premature	tanzanian	president	benjamin	mkapa	joined	african	counterparts	sunday	rejecting	calls	britain	australia	canada	punitive	action	zimbabwe	presidential	elections	country	march	speaking	executive	session	commonwealth	heads	government	australian	east	coast	resort	coolum	decision	sanctions	suspension	premature	election	scene	evolving	zimbabwe	evolving	coolum	intelligent	rational	decision	scene	played	commonwealth	observers	zimbabwe	listen	told	reporters	mkapa	real	problem	media	assumed	president	robert	mugabe	won	elections	free	fair	poll	ridiculous	wait	seelet	observers	give	observation	free	fair	mkapa	reiterated	quiet	diplomacy	correct	route	follow	view	shared	southern	african	development	community	colleagues	mkapa	indirectly	criticised	british	prime	minister	tony	blair	record	elections	free	fair	reached	point	alienation	zimbabwe	assumption	mugabe	zanupf	loses	election	free	fair	commonwealth	leaders	saturday	delayed	talks	respond	political	crisis	zimbabwe	opting	sunday	privacy	traditional	retreat	advisers	officials	blair	warned	commonwealth's	reputation	damaged	failed	decisive	action	mugabe	bbc	reported	blair	hopeful	mugabe	win	election	zimbabwe's	suspension	follow	source	sapa	aqshob	date	mar
193--------------
topic:	35	sanctions	mdc	zimbabwe	president	mugabe	tsvangirai	government	leader	court	africa
file label:mugabe
west	aims	prop	mdc	herald	reporter	united	states	imposed	targeted	sanctions	president	mugabe	senior	government	officials	alleged	deteriorating	political	situation	country	embassy	weekend	government	sanctions	meant	prop	opposition	mdc	month's	presidential	election	foreign	affairs	secretary	willard	chiwewe	west	hurry	prop	mdc	move	european	union's	decision	monday	impose	sanctions	cde	mugabe	cabinet	ministers	senior	government	military	officials	including	freeze	alleged	overseas	assets	travel	ban	bloc	dismissing	eu	move	week	president	mugabe	zimbabwe	withstand	sanctions	imposed	britain	allies	abandon	land	issue	placing	sanctions	leaders	europe	europe	wanting	europe	visit	countries	asia	africa	rally	nkayi	eu	decision	roundly	condemned	african	countries	move	neocolonial	nigeria	tanzania	south	africa	organisation	african	unity	lambasted	eu	show	solidarity	zimbabwe	tanzanian	president	benjamin	mkapa	african	countries	manipulated	eu	powerful	nations	neocolonialism	economic	colonialism	beginning	forget	berlin	decide	balkanisation	continent	countries	colonise	namibia	zimbabwe	invite	observers	elections	justification	eu's	move	body	regard	competent	election	observation	statement	yesterday	embassy	travel	ban	imposed	president	senior	government	officials	persons	business	dealings	zimbabwe	government	officials	families	embassy	sanctions	applied	formulate	implement	benefit	policies	undermine	injure	zimbabwe's	democratic	institutions	impede	functioning	multiparty	democracy	united	states	believes	targeted	travel	restrictions	responsible	zimbabwe's	crisis	advance	positive	change	signalling	support	democratic	forces	zimbabwe	focusing	international	scrutiny	actors	embassy
194--------------
topic:	48	palestinian	mission	israel	zinni's	peace	statement	israeli	readiness	era	settlement
file label:settlements
israeli	officials	defense	minister	binyamin	beneli'ezer	stated	success	failure	envoy	zinni's	mission	hinges	palestinians	carry	suicide	shooting	attack	israel	retaliate	bringing	region	cycle	violence	zinni	find	difficult	attain	ceasefire	commence	implementation	tenet	understandings	mitchell	recommendations	allegation	contradicts	simplest	fact	ground	israel	occupies	west	bank	gaza	strip	israel	possesses	vast	military	power	incursions	raid	palestinian	cities	refugee	camps	intimidate	women	children	assassinate	innocent	activists	citizens	destroy	buildings	facilities	infrastructure	roads	water	pipes	electricity	telephone	poles	attack	palestinian	ambulances	kill	medical	teams	carry	retaliatory	suppressive	devastating	practices	entire	world	palestinians	waiting	hear	official	israeli	statement	recognition	palestinian	national	rights	readiness	withdraw	lands	occupied	put	settlement	activity	west	bank	gaza	support	establishment	independent	palestinian	state	de	facto	statement	constitute	beginning	real	era	peace	era	violence	counterviolence	palestinian	side	acceded	demands	recognized	israel's	exist	percent	historical	palestine	concessions	israeli	statement	serve	zinni's	mission	accelerate	attainment	permanent	arrangement	israel	gain	peace	security	exchange	withdrawal	palestinian	lands	colonialist	occupation	renunciation	mentality	domination	expansion	caused	calamities	catastrophes	decades	coming	days	weeks	show	israel	ready	positively	objectively	deal	palestinian	national	rights	maneuver	place	obstacles	set	impossible	conditions	zinni's	mission	case	zinni's	mission	measures	adopted	pave	road	political	settlement	palestinian	question	israel's	compliance	required	commitments	real	test	readiness	facilitate	envoy's	mission	readiness	establish	peace	interest	parties	concerned
195--------------
topic:	49	china	chinese	bush	united	president	states	visit	development	economic	issue
file label:settlements
commercial	relations	egypt	china	witnessed	development	egyptchina	politics	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	probe	president	mubarak	start	official	visit	beijing	wednesday	strategic	cooperation	countries	hot	international	issues	combating	terrorism	situation	middle	east	afghanistan	interview	al	ahram	newspaper	chinese	president	economic	commercial	relations	egypt	china	witnessed	balanced	development	adding	volume	economic	commercial	cooperation	expanded	register	million	dollars	year	preceding	year	china	prepared	cooperate	egypt	technological	field	levels	indicating	high	prospects	cooperation	fields	scientific	research	technology	industry	human	resources	development	chinese	president	key	solve	issue	middle	east	lies	reaching	settlement	palestinian	return	land	occupied	israel	chinese	president	country	objects	israeli	policies	represented	military	attacks	economic	siege	palestinians	expansion	jewish	settlements	acts	violence	innocent	civilians	parties	concerned	work	resuming	peace	negotiations	based	united	nations	resolutions	middle	east	issues	principle	land	peace	commitment	agreements	notes	understandings	reached	chinese	leader	president	mubarak	telephoned	september	incidents	urging	saving	peace	process	palestinians	israel	country	repeatedly	proper	diplomatic	channels	urged	israeli	side	fulfill	pledges	respond	favorably	endeavors	aimed	reaching	settlement	middle	east	negotiations	china	continue	play	role	supporting	peaceful	settlement	middle	east	adding	discuss	president	bush	visit	beijing	month	ways	reactivating	peace	process	palestinians	israelis	chinese	president	china	fully	supports	restoration	palestinian	people	legitimate	rights	including	establish	palestinian	state	adding	china	recognized	palestinian	state	declared	chinese	president	september	incidents	shocked	world	imposed	referring	emergence	problems	universal	nature	international	terrorism	adding	multipolar	system	guarantee	establishment	international	system	chinese	president	economic	open	door	policy	reform	china	managed	establish	strong	economic	structure	enhanced	chinese	competitiveness
196--------------
topic:	79	palestinian	israel	israeli	people	tactic	palestinians	united	states	security	withdrawal
file label:settlements
days	israeli	government	adopting	tactic	plan	withdraw	palestinian	cities	towns	reoccupied	weeks	implementing	total	withdrawal	demanded	international	community	united	states	phased	partial	withdrawal	leave	city	town	reaching	calls	security	agreement	palestinian	side	ceasefire	city	town	israeli	government	hopes	tactic	eventually	lead	integrated	total	agreement	parts	put	form	map	cantons	israel	envisions	occupied	palestinian	lands	israel	carried	tactic	bethlehem	bayt	jala	claims	yesterday	claimed	carried	tactic	qalqiliyah	palestinian	security	forces	returned	centers	reoccupied	invading	israeli	forces	israeli	press	media	outlets	point	future	withdrawals	cities	parts	israeli	occupation	carried	accordance	tactic	phased	partial	withdrawal	israel	tactic	circumvent	palestinian	move	independence	put	palestinian	intifadah	surrounding	areas	tension	dealing	separately	facts	show	israeli	tactic	execution	talking	months	israeli	government	headed	ari'el	sharon	power	months	tactic	improved	carbon	copy	style	divide	rule	reflects	israel's	determination	deal	palestinian	issue	united	indivisible	inevitable	result	tactic	succeeds	temporarily	calming	situation	conditions	state	tension	withdrawals	completed	palestinian	cities	core	matter	method	israel	crush	palestinian	moves	confiscate	palestinian	people	liberation	independence	core	matter	lies	acceptable	political	framework	israel	supposed	approve	participate	put	final	occupation	settlement	construction	activities	political	framework	lay	firm	foundations	comprehensive	peace	based	justice	recognition	legitimate	national	rights	palestinian	people	peace	bring	security	stability	parties	exception	case	israel	palestinians	parallel	israeli	withdrawal	occupied	parts	palestinian	cities	parallel	withdrawal	expedite	return	negotiations	sides	based	reference	point	occupation	settlement	construction	activities	restoring	full	inalienable	rights	palestinian	people
197--------------
topic:	64	israeli	occupied	territory	israel	palestinian	eu	european	settlement	settlements	products
file label:settlements
europe	tax	israeli	settlement	goods	ramallah	palestine	media	center	signaling	toughening	policy	illegal	israeli	settlements	european	union's	eu	origin	committee	consists	customs	experts	commissioners	discuss	imposing	taxes	israeli	goods	produced	occupied	palestinian	territory	including	east	jerusalem	occupied	golan	heights	discussion	held	today	february	centered	creating	common	european	policy	revoke	duty	benefits	awarded	israeli	settlement	products	move	european	union's	rejection	israel's	military	occupation	palestinian	territory	including	east	jerusalem	subject	european	debate	israeli	objection	signals	eu's	discontent	israel's	refusal	provide	list	israeli	factories	operating	occupied	palestinian	arab	territories	november	year	eu	issued	warning	european	importers	israeli	exports	originating	occupied	palestinian	territory	golan	heights	included	free	trade	agreement	israel	present	israel	enjoys	free	trade	agreement	eu	exempts	customs	duties	israel	rejects	eu	plan	political	economic	reasons	eu	affirms	position	recognizing	israeli	settlements	occupied	palestinian	territory	legitimate	part	israel	israeli	settlement	products	amount	million	billion	israel	gains	annually	exports	europe	israeli	officials	expressed	worry	committee's	deliberations	fourth	geneva	convention	states	settlement	occupying	power	creates	occupied	territory	illegal	considered	war	crime	high	contracting	parties	convention	affirmed	convention's	de	jure	applicability	occupied	palestinian	territory	including	east	jerusalem	israel	maintains	refusal	respect	obligations	occupying	power	include	dismantling	illegal	settlements	territory	addition	exporting	products	copyright	palestine	chronicle
198--------------
topic:	182	israeli	palestinian	israel	sharon	peace	israel's	occupation	international	minister	war
file label:settlements
israeli	parliament	speaker	slams	zionist	occupation	tehran	times	intl	desk	tehran	rare	move	tuesday	israeli	parliament	speaker	avraham	burg	condemned	zionist	regime's	occupation	palestinian	territories	interview	qatari	al	jazeera	television	network	burg	denounced	policy	displeasure	israeli	officials	rightwing	mps	repeatedly	occupation	palestinian	territories	lead	corruption	israel	create	scandals	regime	earlier	week	israeli	army	officers	reported	strike	refused	attack	palestinian	ruled	areas	protest	occupation	policies	zionist	regime	fighting	settlers	occupied	palestinian	lands	means	defensive	act	part	criminal	policies	israel
199--------------
topic:	177	palestinian	israeli	leadership	rice	people	cities	called	washington	international	occupation
file label:settlements
natural	national	security	adviser	condoleezza	rice	statements	yesterday	oneupmanship	rudeness	inaugurated	washington	week	legislative	branch	part	oneupmanship	issuing	resolutions	showing	full	allegiance	radical	wing	israel	legislative	branch	outbade	israeli	wing	rabbi	kahana	alive	regarded	moderate	person	compared	legislative	branch	radical	israeli	hardliners	expressed	idea	transfer	politely	senior	elected	bodies	called	palestinians	give	west	bank	called	homeland	congress	resolutions	statements	leaders	members	congress	revealed	administration's	harbored	intentions	rice's	statements	dot	i's	cross	served	crude	arrogance	power	attempts	control	nations	resources	dictate	policies	impose	leaders	pressure	coercion	flagrant	attack	condoleezza	rice	launched	palestinian	leadership	yesterday	demonstrates	international	dictatorship	practiced	powerful	country	earth	claims	democratic	advocate	nations	choose	leaders	rice	attacks	palestinian	leadership	democratically	elected	testified	international	observers	including	presidents	refrains	mentioning	elected	israeli	leadership	moved	israeli	army	occupy	palestinian	cities	destroy	homes	heads	owners	arrest	thousands	innocent	people	carry	legal	international	humanitarian	circles	war	crimes	bloody	massacres	prominent	israeli	official	shim'on	peres	army	moved	janin	refugee	camp	afraid	massacre	committed	janin	camp	palestinians	attack	israeli	cities	arrest	thousands	israeli	citizens	blockade	cities	villages	palestinian	people	exception	palestinian	leadership	denounced	attacked	israeli	prime	minister	praised	president	man	peace	prompting	world's	ridicule	denunciation	times	rice	administration	launch	campaigns	interfere	affairs	palestinian	leadership	rice	aware	fact	president	yasir	arafat	remained	siege	headquarters	ramallah	months	imposed	superior	israeli	military	violation	accords	signed	israeli	governments	guaranteed	united	states	accords	explicitly	stipulated	israeli	forces	enter	palestiniancontrolled	areas	called	areas	cover	palestinian	cities	naturally	including	ramallah	national	security	adviser	called	occupation	dismantling	settlements	occupation	settlements	israeli	government	refuses	remove	represent	major	obstacle	peace	part	palestinian	leadership	sought	peace	submission	plans	aimed	writing	palestinian	issue	swallowing	west	bank	gaza	strip	aim	plans	palestinians	yield	dictates	israelius	alliance	seeks	mimic	resolution	palestinian	issue	perpetuate	occupation	facilitate	expansion	settlements	matter	meddle	palestinian	domestic	affairs	impose	palestinian	people	leadership	favored	administration	israeli	government	tailored	mutual	interests	washington	israel	realize	palestinian	people	intelligent	read	lines	understand	longterm	aims	condoleezza	rice's	statements	calls	washington	democracy	transparency	corruptionfree	system	serve	plans	concern	nations	interests	facts	highlighted	current	palestinian	leadership	represents	palestinian	people's	political	convictions	national	aspirations	fact	washington	interested	democratic	reforms	order	combat	terrorism	pressure	israeli	leadership	occupation	palestinian	territories	stop	repressive	practices	palestinian	people	united	states	turns	blind	eye	practices	pretending	forget	violate	human	rights	continuously	denounced	international	community
200--------------
topic:	2	palestinian	washington	government	violence	time	sharon	israel	commitment	efforts	territories
file label:settlements
israel's	persistent	deliberate	fuelling	cycle	violence	palestinian	territories	pushing	turbulent	region	inevitable	chaos	war	behaviour	confirms	long	clear	government	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	interested	pursuing	expansionist	designs	occupied	palestinian	arab	land	engaging	peacemaking	route	require	unreserved	commitment	blatantly	obstructed	international	european	regional	efforts	consolidate	israelipalestinian	ceasefire	prerequisite	implementation	mitchell	tenet	recommendations	observers	region	rightly	feared	israel	callously	exploit	sept	tragedy	intensify	accelerate	aggression	palestinians	crush	efforts	claiming	legitimate	rights	freedom	independence	sharon	government	total	disregard	utter	defiance	disrespect	advice	washington	london	governments	restraint	quick	return	negotiating	table	opts	brute	force	dealing	crisis	exit	achieved	resumption	peace	talks	basis	mitchell	report	tenet	understandings	expects	friends	provide	understanding	cooperation	full	support	confronting	perpetrators	devastating	attack	centres	economic	military	power	reciprocating	israel	state	creation	benefited	protection	backing	turned	fairweather	friend	selfseeking	manipulation	tragedy	tel	aviv	noticed	affected	corner	earth	adds	burden	washington	sharon's	likening	invasion	palestinian	territories	assassinations	usled	war	taleban	osama	ben	laden	abhorrent	sharon's	deceptive	ploys	negate	fact	president	yasser	arafat	palestinian	national	authority	attack	utmost	demonstrate	unambiguous	commitment	stop	violence	maintain	ceasefire	negotiations	entire	world	engaged	handling	crises	time	time	sharon	government	realise	predatory	behaviour	tolerated	long	evident	international	resolve	put	arabisraeli	conflict	aspects	calls	washington	london	legitimate	realisation	palestinian	statehood	part	settlement	viewed	israeli	leadership	guarantee	israel's	peace	security	continued	violence	aggression	history	shown	time	recipe	disaster
201--------------
topic:	106	israeli	palestinian	israel	palestinians	middle	bank	east	gaza	states	west
file label:settlements
middle	east	settlement	remains	international	issues	drawing	global	attention	today	world's	justice	peaceloving	peoples	unanimously	demanding	fair	peaceful	middle	east	settlement	earliest	date	israeli	zionists	counting	support	protection	united	states	continue	obstruct	settlement	continue	key	tensions	region	great	leader	comrade	kim	ilsong	taught	peaceful	fair	settlement	palestinian	issue	issue	middle	east	israeli	aggressors	withdraw	arab	land	occupy	palestinian	people	fully	guaranteed	selfdetermination	middle	east	issue	essentially	issue	reinstating	palestinians	national	rights	recovering	deprived	arab	land	israeli	aggressors	comprehensive	fair	settlement	issue	required	palestinians	guaranteed	selfdetermination	founding	independent	palestinian	state	realized	israeli	aggressors	withdraw	arab	land	occupy	illegally	including	golan	heights	withdrawing	arab	land	occupy	force	wily	israeli	aggressors	dreaming	creation	great	israeli	empire	scheming	land	permanently	continue	stir	troubles	areas	occupy	creating	complications	situation	typical	examples	acts	aggression	savage	atrocities	perpetrated	israeli	troops	west	bank	gaza	strip	palestinian	authority's	control	reports	israeli	tanks	middle	night	february	attacked	eastern	part	gaza	city	housing	key	facilities	palestinian	authority	shelling	destroying	palestinian	broadcasting	center	israeli	forces	time	attacked	southern	gaza	town	rafah	result	palestinians	reportedly	killed	wounded	night	february	dawn	day	israel's	helicopters	struck	facility	presidential	security	guards	adjacent	building	housing	directorate	palestinian	authority	palestinian	autonomous	police	station	west	bank	town	jenin	day	israeli	army	blocked	major	highways	linking	palestinian	cities	west	bank	area	roads	linking	cities	neighboring	villages	earlier	israel	launched	fierce	assaults	palestinian	targets	gaza	strip	west	bank	areas	result	palestinians	killed	foreign	press	reports	intensification	israelpalestinian	armed	conflicts	period	single	day	pass	peace	palestinians	shedding	blood	west	bank	gaza	strip	areas	situation	peace	security	council	organized	israel's	retired	military	officers	high	officials	security	agencies	launched	movement	calling	unilateral	withdrawal	israeli	troops	west	bank	gaza	strip	areas	developments	criticisms	prime	minister	sharon's	hardline	military	policy	palestinians	mounting	israel	percent	members	peace	security	council	retired	military	officers	high	officials	mossad	israel's	foreign	intelligence	agency	shin	bet	domestic	intelligence	agency	demanding	israel	dismantle	jewish	settlements	west	bank	gaza	strip	numbering	approximately	unilaterally	withdraw	troops	good	areas	occupied	promptly	reopen	peace	negotiations	palestinians	fact	israel	highranking	figures	military	law	enforcement	intelligence	agencies	increasingly	critical	sharon	great	impact	situation	future	foreign	press	comments	israeli	newspapers	earlier	refrained	censuring	sharon	attacking	scathing	criticisms	unwilling	options	military	hardline	victimizing	lives	israeli	palestinian	men	street	sharon	refuses	modify	hardline	posture	win	war	incursions	atrocities	oppression	israel	perpetrating	palestinians	today	fact	united	states	supporting	protecting	united	states	handing	israel	billions	dollars	lethal	weapons	year	stands	israeli	side	dealing	middle	east	situation	foreign	press	reports	poking	fun	united	states	israel	body	heads	israel	spoiled	brat	united	states	israel	states	israel	united	states	bear	due	responsibility	daily	deteriorating	middle	east	situation	quit	moves	obstruct	fair	middle	east	settlement
202--------------
topic:	178	palestinians	war	israel	palestinian	occupation	israeli	sharon	world	peace	government
file label:settlements
ariel	sharon	israeli	public	war	palestinians	bent	destroying	state	israel	support	coalition	government	general	public	israelis	expected	abandon	prime	minister	middle	war	long	pretence	vicious	war	israel	holds	sharon	waning	grip	power	time	truth	matter	israel	palestinians	war	palestine	independent	state	army	unchecked	march	streets	tel	aviv	overrun	jerusalem	israel	occupies	west	bank	gaza	strip	june	israel	neighboring	arab	states	fought	sixday	war	october	israel	fought	real	war	fronts	syria	egypt	israel	invaded	lebanon	troops	reached	beirut	onesided	war	aimed	destroying	plo	burying	palestinian	claims	land	good	wars	invasions	west	bank	gaza	strip	millions	palestinian	inhabitants	succumbed	mighty	stranglehold	israeli	occupation	changed	palestinian	territories	remain	occupation	political	process	launched	early	floundered	popular	uprising	intifada	erupted	months	desperate	means	conquered	palestinians	occupation	legitimate	options	national	liberation	palestinians	nonviolent	means	resistance	forget	endured	years	occupation	pleading	cases	occupiers	world	public	opinion	revolted	resorting	stones	demonstrations	strikes	israelis	responded	swiftly	breaking	limbs	shooting	unarmed	civilian	demonstrators	cold	blood	palestine	human	rights	information	group	reported	start	intifada	israeli	troops	settlers	killed	palestinians	estimated	palestinians	injured	expelled	held	trial	houses	demolished	sealed	equally	important	eventual	division	land	palestinian	trees	uprooted	years	israel	building	settlements	fattening	existing	expropriating	palestinians	lands	fact	palestinians	militant	nature	resistance	occupation	changing	dramatically	war	military	definition	months	palestinians	killed	civilians	homes	camps	offices	schools	factories	battlefield	thousands	maimed	injured	hundreds	homes	demolished	thousands	hectares	farmland	destroyed	statistics	amount	point	continuing	waste	human	life	property	millions	palestinians	occupation	endure	daily	basis	sharon	describe	aggression	war	show	israelis	safe	army	escalates	aggression	point	palestinians	beg	surrender	judging	cycle	violence	accelerated	weeks	war	general	ignite	invented	reality	worse	war	chaos	bordering	binge	wanton	killing	achieving	political	military	terms	side	sharon	succeeded	radicalize	palestinians	applying	pressure	cooker	effect	reap	sporadic	painful	retaliatory	responses	young	hateful	palestinians	seek	liberation	death	staying	alive	occupation	sharon	managing	sustaining	pogrom	puts	jew	israeli	shame	enemy	sharon's	soldiers	largely	invisible	shells	bullets	gunning	innocent	people	daily	basis	palestinian	reprisals	hurt	innocent	israelis	sharon	policies	israeli	enemy	target	war	blind	murderous	rage	defeated	colonial	power	backdrop	brutal	occupation	war	sharon	waging	salvation	eventual	peaceful	coexistence	peoples	learn	accept	share	land
203--------------
topic:	178	palestinians	war	israel	palestinian	occupation	israeli	sharon	world	peace	government
file label:settlements
envoy	retired	general	anthony	zinni	arrive	region	circumstances	similar	surrounded	visit	palestine	israel	israeli	government	works	abort	mission	advance	storming	palestinian	territories	assassinating	citizens	alleges	links	security	activities	arresting	innocent	citizens	change	israeli	authorities	denied	link	number	palestinian	martyrs	prisoners	hand	armed	organizations	mere	unarmed	citizens	accidentally	present	regular	israeli	targets	palestinians	zinni's	presence	region	abided	calm	ceasefire	israel	provokes	palestinians	draw	vindictive	reactions	order	win	world	community's	sympathy	united	states	international	antiterror	war	branding	terrorism	legitimate	palestinian	conduct	rid	occupation	settlements	purpose	israel	likens	reactions	occured	united	states	september	world	community	believes	struggle	liberation	independence	palestinians	seek	negotiations	peaceful	settlement	strategic	option	legitimate	rejection	israel's	colonialism	imposed	palestinian	people	force	years	israel's	provocation	harsh	tolerated	israeli	government	free	hand	storm	palestinian	areas	assassinate	arrest	palestinian	citizens	demolish	homes	headquarters	establishments	uproot	thousands	trees	besiege	cities	villages	likes	committing	peace	palestinians	bear	patiently	suppress	fury	hoping	usdominated	world	community	acknowledge	palestinians	seek	calm	peace	order	occupation	settlement	territories	enjoy	freedom	dignity	independence	world	nations	weeks	incidents	president	arafat's	ceasefire	declaration	antiviolence	campaign	activities	israel	brands	terrorism	israel's	unjustified	escalation	show	palestinians	totally	committed	peace	process	previous	agreements	understandings	palestinians	goal	peace	mind	israeli	government	utmost	hamper	peace	process	entrench	occupation	step	settlement	building	envoy	zinni	supposed	realized	clearcut	facts	reading	latest	developments	region
204--------------
topic:	144	palestinian	peace	israeli	israel	settlement	pa	attack	security	arab	palestinians
file label:settlements
reasons	linked	interests	naturally	israel's	interests	united	states	chose	put	intensive	pressure	palestinian	authority	wanted	pa	meet	difficult	impossible	security	conditions	pressure	remove	legitimacy	pa	chairman	yasir	arafat	pretext	terrorism	support	terrorism	position	fully	biased	israel	strengthened	israeli	prime	minister	ari'el	sharon's	attempts	suppress	national	palestinian	ambitions	achieve	declared	objective	establishing	israeli	security	rubble	legitimate	palestinian	rights	logical	acceptable	washington	demanded	mutual	concurrent	cessation	ongoing	violence	palestinians	israelis	called	israel	exploit	calm	open	files	security	revenge	assassinations	arrests	logical	acceptable	washington	asked	israel	announce	commitment	principle	withdrawal	territories	occupied	settlement	activity	demands	constitute	strong	base	bringing	calm	stability	putting	final	violence	terrorism	turning	leaf	fruitful	negotiations	leading	peace	acceptable	sides	situation	tragic	repercussions	viewed	israeli	perspective	killing	hundreds	palestinians	increase	number	martyrs	children	destruction	homes	installations	pa	infrastructure	overlooked	serve	interest	peace	security	peoples	region	long	run	contrary	heightens	sense	frustration	sectors	palestinian	people	damages	credibility	united	states	sponsor	peace	process	effective	partner	settlement	negotiations	start	peace	process	late	eighties	process	faltered	result	israel's	intransigence	sharon	power	united	states	realizes	palestinians	efforts	achieve	peace	palestinians	left	avenue	unexplored	quest	settlement	enables	regain	legitimate	rights	peoples	region	including	israelis	security	stability	unfair	blame	pa	tension	violence	takes	place	result	israeli	oppressive	measures	activities	oppressive	vindictive	israeli	action	palestinian	reaction	stopped	israel	control	occupied	palestinian	territories	unable	forces	weapons	measures	achieve	full	comprehensive	quiet	west	bank	gaza	years	context	note	role	arab	international	forces	curbing	israeli	military	operations	palestinian	cities	residential	areas	explaining	true	picture	situation	united	states	intensive	efforts	big	sister	egypt	bridle	israeli	oppressive	activity	warn	israeli	prime	minister	targeting	president	arafat	pa	highly	appreciated	palestinian	people	arab	nation	general
205--------------
topic:	3	israeli	palestinian	arafat	sharon	assassin	occupying	security	forces	people	arab
file label:settlements
keeping	arafat	captive	siege	palestinian	people	israeli	occupying	forces	affront	palestinian	arab	dignity	international	justice	powder	keg	point	explode	devastating	remains	israeli	security	security	sharon	assassin	excuse	instigate	struggles	wars	promote	instability	pretends	besieges	arafat	unable	confront	palestinian	resistance	natural	guerilla	operations	successively	occur	fortified	settlements	world	begins	accusations	arafat	planning	instructing	attacks	israeli	targets	captivity	roundtheclock	israeli	surveillance	founded	interpretation	accusations	arafat	formidable	supernatural	powers	enable	defend	rights	homeland	people	unlimited	capabilities	israeli	occupying	forces	equipped	mighty	weapon	technology	failure	usmade	israeli	war	machine	settle	unequal	battle	clear	farcicalyetprovocative	statements	israeli	minister	defense	present	washington	called	helping	aggressive	israel	put	traitorous	agent	head	palestinian	authority	accept	terms	assassinate	rights	palestinians	ben	eliezer's	hallucination	mere	expression	failure	persuade	world	accept	brutality	occupying	forces	practices	embody	bankrupt	policy	israeli	criminal	extremism	failure	gain	legitimacy	continuing	occupation	palestinian	territories	ben	eliezer's	raving	coincided	arrival	assassin	boss	sharon	washington	part	exerting	pressures	administration	persuade	removing	arafat	bring	palestinian	surrender	halt	violence	calls	sharon	ben	eliezer	stopped	patriotic	palestinian	accept	serve	substitute	agent	israel	extremist	gang	israeli	government	understand	arafat	symbolizes	palestinian	struggle	attitude	sharon's	government	showed	true	hostility	leader	chairman	elected	people	peace	envoy	burns	expressed	meeting	president	mubarak	declared	contacts	continue	arafat	elected	palestinian	chairman	burns's	statements	reflect	true	position	signals	return	balance	position	dealing	reality	palestinianisraeli	struggle	time	gentlemen	sharon	assassin	realize	injustice	long	security	israelis	depends	palestinians	regaining	rights	besieging	arafat	sharon	turned	mandela	arab	struggle	foretells	israeli	occupation's	claims	inevitably	falls	matter	long	sharon	humiliates	arab	dignity	relaying	protection	support	washington	forgot	principles	role	defending	justice	international	legitimacy
206--------------
topic:	10	israel	palestine	palestinian	troops	autonomous	east	states	united	middle	state
file label:settlements
today	order	find	correct	solution	middle	east	issue	important	frustrate	israel's	territorial	ambition	create	conditions	palestine	create	independent	state	talk	settlement	middle	east	issue	great	leader	comrade	kim	ilsong	taught	imperialism	source	war	disturber	peace	urgent	matter	israel	withdraw	completely	occupied	land	palestine	israel	withdrawing	troops	occupied	palestinian	autonomous	areas	november	israeli	troops	pulled	tulkarm	west	bank	area	jordan	river	reason	optimistic	situation	october	israel	declared	withdraw	palestinian	autonomous	areas	situation	calm	pretended	abiding	decision	stopped	withdrawing	troops	halfway	pretext	unstable	situation	occupied	knowing	israel	halt	withdrawal	troops	pretext	november	day	israel	began	withdrawing	troops	tulkarm	israeli	troops	deliberately	gunned	palestinians	palestinian	autonomous	areas	quarries	november	israeli	army	bulldozed	dwelling	houses	palestinian	autonomous	area	committed	atrocious	act	wounding	palestinians	hesitation	result	situation	tense	fact	due	strong	international	pressure	israel	began	withdrawing	troops	palestinian	autonomous	area	september	year	israeli	prime	minister	sharon	leader	opposition	party	visited	holy	place	kuds	throwing	israel	palestine	fierce	fight	sharon's	remarks	behavior	insulting	palestinians	infuriated	palestine	desperate	fight	tolls	women	children	clash	israel	palestine	briefly	appeared	abating	wake	largescale	attack	incident	united	states	fierce	israeli	minister	tourism	assassinated	advantage	israel	occupied	cities	located	palestinian	autonomous	areas	force	united	nations	countries	world	began	paying	attention	situation	middle	east	complicated	international	pressure	israel	caving	international	pressure	united	states	pretended	support	creation	independent	palestinian	state	united	states	waging	war	afghanistan	shore	support	arab	states	islamic	world	crafty	ruse	scheme	israel	refused	continue	troop	withdrawal	palestinian	autonomous	area	israel	abandoned	aggressive	ambitions	convinced	united	states	abandon	completely	israel	dragging	feet	withdrawal	troops	citing	variety	excuses	israel	adamantly	creation	completely	independent	palestinian	state	israel's	scheme	palestine	vassal	state	bring	control	israel	agreed	discuss	issue	granting	independence	palestine	conditions	palestine	claim	small	piece	territory	waive	raise	regular	army	israel's	territorial	ambition	persistent	clever	administration	call	israel	support	creation	palestinian	state	east	kuds	capital	commenting	arab	states	international	opinion	emphatically	political	stratagem	win	support	war	afghanistan	expand	sphere	domination	middle	east	united	states	van	invading	countries	put	pressure	israel	sympathetic	palestine	finds	palestine	tolerable	national	interests	obvious	israel	employ	crafty	trick	future	realize	burning	territorial	ambition	obvious	aggressive	policy	middle	east	remain	unchanged	prospect	settlement	middle	east	issue	bleak	due	stand	settlement
207--------------
topic:	104	peace	israeli	arab	israel	palestinian	palestinians	states	security	movement	party
file label:settlements
washington	ground	shaking	feet	israeli	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	admirers	united	states	george	bush	al	sabrerattling	america's	newfound	axis	evil	news	israel	earthshattering	israelis	record	number	rallied	peace	tel	aviv	saturday	biggest	demonstration	reawakened	peace	camp	current	intifada	unleashed	september	organisers	israeli	peace	movement	israeli	peace	coalition	interesting	time	palestinian	arab	dr	sari	nusseibeh	top	palestinian	national	authority	official	jerusalem	president	al	quds	university	addressed	israeli	propeace	rally	speaking	halting	hebrew	san	francisco	chronicle	reported	nusseibeh	speak	abu	ammar	yasser	arafat	warm	peace	cold	peace	nations	participants	rally	roughly	israeli	army	reservists	refused	serve	israelioccupied	palestinian	territories	green	line	students	borders	meretz	party	labour	party	doves	kibbutz	movement	netivot	shalom	bereaved	family	forum	rabbis	human	rights	ta'ayush	yesh	gvul	gush	shalom	equally	significant	news	israeli	council	peace	security	group	toplevel	reserve	generals	colonels	shin	bet	security	intelligence	mossad	military	intelligence	officials	reportedly	planning	public	campaign	unilateral	israeli	withdrawal	gaza	west	bank	organisation	israeli	paper	haaretz	calling	evacuating	gaza	dismantling	settlements	establishment	palestinian	state	peace	talks	palestinians	ceasefire	developments	signalling	prominent	reform	rabbi	resurrection	moribund	peace	movement	israelis	struck	words	guardian	london	devastating	wave	palestinian	attacks	weekend	symbols	israeli	military	occupation	jewish	settlement	army	base	road	block	badly	shaking	faith	sharon	promised	peace	security	office	year	ariel	sharon's	strategy	collapsing	influential	ma'ariv	newspaper	stage	difficult	openly	palestinians	losing	battles	superior	force	israel	losing	war	ma'ariv's	weekend	opinion	polls	cent	israelis	agreed	national	leadership	lost	control	security	situation	internationally	commendable	movement	find	beginning	oslo	peace	process	certifiably	dead	american	ideas	limited	socalled	tenet	mitchell	plans	stuck	months	ground	french	win	approval	fellowmembers	european	union	palestinian	elections	establishment	palestinian	state	spanish	foreign	minister	josep	pique	country	holds	eu	presidency	acknowledged	debating	number	ideas	merit	activities	ideas	doubtful	event	rocked	halls	power	israel	united	states	bold	views	saudi	arabia's	crown	prince	abdullah	heard	effective	ruler	saudi	arabia	mind	told	york	times	sunday	offer	israel	address	month's	arab	league	summit	beirut	full	withdrawal	occupied	territories	accord	resolutions	including	jerusalem	full	normalisation	relations	arab	world	crown	prince	abdullah's	purpose	clear	israeli	people	arabs	reject	despise	arab	people	reject	leadership	palestinians	inhumane	oppressive	told	paper's	columnist	thomas	friedman	critical	arab	governments	sitting	fence	palestinian	uprising	changed	mind	prepared	speech	sharon	violence	oppression	unprecedented	level	arab	position	key	party	conflict	israel	palestinians	long	argued	ready	accept	occupied	territories	amount	cent	historic	palestine	independent	state	offer	exceptionally	generous	readiness	key	arab	leader	stand	highest	arab	political	forum	campaign	arab	argument	yesteryears	peace	established	israel	frontline	states	lebanon	syria	jordan	egypt	palestinians	remaining	arab	states	obligated	establish	diplomatic	relations	israel	time	tide	changed	saudi	leader's	willingness	unprecedented	step	merits	positive	responses	israel	united	states	demands	action
208--------------
topic:	118	settlement	settlements	settlers	palestinian	building	report	international	donums	government	palestinians
file label:settlements
report	settlement	activity	palestinian	territories	confirmed	settlement	sitessettlement	enclaveshave	created	sharon	prime	minister	israel	year	annual	report	published	national	bureau	defending	land	resisting	colonization	cooperation	international	solidarity	establishment	human	rights	nuclei	settlements	established	march	november	parts	west	bank	report	findings	announced	press	conference	yesterday	noted	military	positions	turned	civilian	settlements	work	started	settlement	called	giv'at	sal'it	southern	valleys	region	taysir	khalid	member	plo	executive	committee	political	bureau	popular	front	liberation	palestine	advocate	faris	abuhasan	solidarity	establishment	hasan	ayyub	director	national	bureau	defense	land	part	conference	construction	activities	carried	settlements	period	totaled	addition	mobile	caravans	added	settlements	settlement	sites	donums	added	existing	settlements	report	noted	work	bypass	roads	continued	rate	faster	government	barak	gave	free	rein	settlement	activities	sharon's	government	embarked	building	bypass	roads	approved	previous	government	report	estimated	building	roads	threatens	bulldozing	destruction	donums	report	highlighted	damage	caused	agricultural	sector	result	settlement	activity	noted	settlers	occupation	authorities	pursue	comprehensive	destructive	policy	wide	scale	visavis	citizens	property	consolidate	facts	settlement	plans	drawn	occupation	government	fruit	trees	uprooted	year	donums	agricultural	land	bulldozed	total	losses	agricultural	sector	amounted	million	palestinian	ministry	agriculture	data	gaza	strip	donums	annexed	existing	settlements	housing	units	built	work	additional	units	started	donums	bulldozed	building	bypass	roads	strip	taysir	khalid	explained	palestinian	intifadah	raised	settlement	issue	anewone	intifadahin	unprecedented	force	basic	element	condition	reaching	solution	pointed	allocations	sharon	government's	budget	supporting	widening	settlements	building	crisis	recession	israel's	economy	suffers	time	israel's	economic	growth	rate	declined	percent	budgets	ministry	labor	welfare	ministries	cut	sharon's	government	maintained	support	settlements	increased	compensate	growing	exodus	settlements	stressed	concentrate	resisting	settlement	activity	settlers	militias	abstaining	subjecting	file	discussion	condition	halting	intensified	settlement	activities	removing	existing	settlements	explained	intifadah	proved	settlement	battle	noted	year	sharon	israel	prime	minister	pursuit	destructive	aggressive	policy	palestinian	people	proved	conflict	palestinian	people	cling	national	rights	settled	force	advocate	faris	abuhasan	pointed	violation	international	laws	represented	settlement	activity	settlement	building	israel's	continuing	refusal	respond	international	appeals	violation	relevant	international	laws	explained	settlement	building	constituted	grave	violations	international	law	geneva	convention	pointed	international	law	provisions	forbid	moving	population	occupying	state	occupied	territories	grave	violations	concerns	settlement	building	transfer	settlers	palestinian	territories	tens	settlements	built	israel's	enacting	laws	facilitate	expropriating	palestinian	land	settlement	activity	matter	considered	war	crimes	surveyed	attacks	unarmed	citizens	carried	settlers	legal	protection	backing	israeli	governments	encouragement	continue	assaults	pointed	alternation	roles	settlers	army	carrying	aggressions	palestinians	terrorizing	settlements	emerged	military	bastions	bases	launching	attacks	palestinians	intifadah	explained	palestinian	population	centers	human	shields	protection	settlements	percent	bombardments	palestinian	population	centers	subjected	originated	settlements	confirmed	palestinians	martyred	hands	settlers	persons	hit	settlers	bullets	injured	assaults	settlers	stressed	outbreak	intifadah	percent	palestinians	martyred	killed	settlers	noted	current	intifadah	settlers	uprooted	fruit	trees	destroyed	cultivated	donums	houses	commercial	premises	cars	ambulances	damaged	result	attacks	carried	settlers	referred	legal	cover	protection	settlers	enjoy	encouragement	continue	aggressions	explained	israeli	court	sentenced	palestinian	member	group	accused	opening	fire	hurt	years	imprisonment	settler	opened	fire	group	palestinians	wounding	sentenced	years	imprisonment	israeli	court
209--------------
topic:	114	palestinian	israeli	european	peace	initiative	process	palestinians	united	states	negotiations
file label:settlements
european	union	historically	geographically	closer	middle	east	united	states	move	europeans	ran	patience	worsening	stand	supports	israeli	rightwing	policies	united	states	pressured	weaker	side	palestinians	occupation	subjected	repressive	israeli	measures	including	assassinations	arrests	incursions	cities	demolition	hundreds	homes	uprooting	thousands	trees	united	states	pleased	israel	israeli	practices	focused	attention	palestinians	reactions	generated	israeli	provocations	european	initiative	launched	european	union	members	gradually	began	shape	spain	france	forefront	led	intensive	media	drive	highlight	happening	palestinian	territories	extricate	peace	process	stalemate	peace	process	deadlocked	result	oppressive	israeli	military	campaign	palestinian	nationalistic	move	israel's	insistence	suspending	political	negotiations	focusing	military	actions	subjugate	palestinian	people	liquidate	legitimate	rights	aspirations	important	characteristic	european	initiative	fact	annuls	hardline	israelius	stand	rejects	kind	political	negotiations	violence	stops	completely	europeans	emphasized	unrealistic	stand	brought	peace	process	deadlock	plunged	palestinians	israelis	endless	cycle	violence	political	negotiations	resumed	effort	aimed	achieving	peace	acceptable	sides	european	plan	calls	setting	palestinian	state	territories	seized	line	international	resolutions	israeli	side	officially	agrees	move	plan	negotiations	focus	mechanism	israel's	withdrawal	occupied	territories	settlement	activity	finding	solution	issue	palestinian	refugees	allowing	time	reorganize	palestinian	house	view	achieving	democracy	introducing	multiparty	system	palestinian	leadership	president	yasir	arafat	welcomed	plan	weeks	doubt	whatsoever	palestinian	people	support	european	initiative	bold	fair	seeks	revive	peace	process	realistic	bases	initiative	partial	turn	blind	eye	israeli	practices	occupation	settlement	activity	dismisses	notion	punishing	wronged	palestinian	people	deprived	national	human	rights	initiative	disapproves	flimsy	pretexts	increase	palestinians	suffering	encourage	israeli	rightwing	stands	administration	european	initiative	serve	test	israel's	intentions	peace	process	negative	test	stand	initiative	show	united	states	give	complete	blind	bias	israel	order	achieve	solution	restoring	palestinian	people's	legitimate	rights	guaranteeing	peace	security	stability	nations	region
210--------------
topic:	75	israeli	palestinian	peace	palestinians	clear	international	national	step	israel's	process
file label:settlements
expected	israeli	government	issue	latest	decision	restricting	president	yasir	arafat's	movements	confining	city	ramallah	true	palestinian	authority	carried	difficult	israeli	demands	arrested	individuals	israel	accuses	assassinating	israeli	minister	rah'avam	ze'evi	ramifications	arrests	led	internal	palestinian	arena	awareness	challenges	current	stage	sense	responsibility	overcame	temporary	factional	considerations	noted	days	palestinian	side	demonstrated	clear	selfrestraint	abidance	ceasefire	israel's	provocations	bloodbaths	israeli	army	committed	palestinians	period	israel's	provocations	led	slaughter	palestinian	males	females	injured	scores	attacks	continuing	israeli	military	checkpoints	vehicles	transporting	pregnant	women	labor	unarmed	citizens	cross	checkpoints	erected	beleaguered	palestinian	towns	villages	surrounded	point	strangulation	obvious	international	community	palestinians	seek	peace	palestinians	calling	implementation	agreements	understandings	recommendations	pertaining	palestinianisraeli	conflict	constitute	preliminary	step	resumption	peace	process	point	stopped	step	lead	permanent	settlement	conflict	basis	resolutions	international	legitimacy	palestinians	step	realize	national	aspirations	full	sovereignty	perils	implications	efforts	national	unity	puts	higher	palestinian	interests	consideration	appears	international	community	tolerating	israeli	campaign	suppression	contradicts	efforts	calm	situation	palestinian	hand	stretched	peace	settlement	palestinians	sending	clear	message	peace	loud	clear	repeated	israeli	message	resort	means	impede	march	peace	consecrate	violence	counter	violence	state	affairs	suitable	conditions	israel	continue	occupation	colonialism	building	settlements	imposed	military	force	palestinian	territories	date	israeli	aims	clear	clarification	explanation	israel's	impossible	terms	met	nation	determined	preserve	dignity	national	unity	frail	excuses	pretexts	evade	peace	process	process	agree	ideology	expansion	building	settlements	ideology	explicitly	embraced	rightist	blocs	ruling	israeli	coalition	implicitly	encouraged	labor	party	ministers	current	israeli	government
211--------------
topic:	144	palestinian	peace	israeli	israel	settlement	pa	attack	security	arab	palestinians
file label:settlements
hopes	raised	arab	peace	plan	dashed	pieces	israel	attacking	offices	palestinian	leader	yasser	arafat	ramallah	tanks	moved	ramallah	early	friday	morning	subsequently	bulldozers	smash	perimeter	compound	arafat's	headquarters	palestinian	leader	confined	months	buildings	complex	house	bulk	security	forces	palestinian	authority	months	israeli	forces	targeting	symbols	authority	palestinian	administration	friday's	attack	strikes	heart	authority	usual	israel	projecting	attack	defensive	action	response	suicide	attacks	days	netanya	jewish	settlement	left	people	dead	possibility	attack	pa's	headquarters	expand	larger	operation	describing	arafat	enemy	israel	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	announced	extended	military	operation	palestinian	terrorism	exists	israel's	attack	arafat's	headquarters	deals	stinging	slap	face	ongoing	arab	efforts	negotiate	political	settlement	ongoing	conflict	justconcluded	arab	summit	unanimously	adopted	saudi	peace	initiative	called	full	israeli	withdrawal	arab	territory	occupied	war	creation	palestinian	state	east	jerusalem	capital	fair	solution	palestinian	refugee	problem	based	resolutions	return	arabs	agreed	arabisraeli	conflict	enter	peace	treaties	israel	open	normal	relations	context	comprehensive	peace	israel's	response	peace	plan	dismiss	nonstarter	attack	pa	headquarters	barely	day	peace	initiative	accepted	arabs	israel's	rejection	efforts	negotiate	peace	compromise	clear	time	sharon	government	planning	settling	issues	palestinians	invasion	reoccupation	palestinian	land	offering	settlement	based	terms	events	years	strategy	based	imposing	settlement	military	means	deepen	anger	provoke	retaliatory	violence	palestinians	attack	pa	headquarters	explosive	move	put	west	asia	brink	war	international	community	act	immediately	pressure	israeli	government	step	dangerous	action	determined	pursue
212--------------
topic:	31	israel	state	palestinian	palestinians	process	region	time	government	existence	israeli
file label:settlements
days	collapsing	middle	east	palestinians	chances	finally	state	people	sovereign	israelis	chances	integrating	region	reminded	arabs	overwhelming	majority	duty	voice	basic	truths	palestinian	patriot	nationalist	homeland	france	lead	deny	heritage	ancient	israel	heritages	worst	indifferent	destiny	millions	jews	common	historians	entire	century	passed	quarrel	zionism	involved	shortage	arguments	arab	jewish	simply	clearheaded	zionism	established	sensitive	region	world	time	normal	settle	else's	territory	united	states	canada	australia	zealand	created	conclusion	colonial	process	today	challenges	existence	crises	arising	process	cited	aboriginal	athlete	olympic	games	sydney	creation	israel	accompanied	indifferent	gaze	western	soviet	world	forced	exodus	hundreds	thousands	palestinians	today	refugees	descendants	call	question	existence	state	israel	long	injustice	suffered	recognized	implementation	rights	negotiated	content	reiterating	evidence	june	west	bank	gaza	occupied	dominated	territories	crushed	politically	socially	economically	palestinian	resistance	formally	recognized	existence	israel	begun	peace	process	oslo	state	israel	recognized	palestinians	represented	plo	leader	yasser	arafat	process	achieved	goal	palestinian	side	feeding	growing	frustration	occupied	population	wing	broken	conducting	policy	terror	death	horrifies	israeli	side	process	settlement	increased	considerably	eating	supposedly	autonomous	palestinian	territories	crisscrossed	bypass	roads	today	forms	terrorism	fuel	palestinian	terrorism	existed	small	scale	time	yitzhak	rabin	dramatic	dimension	israeli	response	extrajudicial	liquidations	dramatic	sense	resembles	destruction	people	structured	organized	form	state	terrorism	contradictory	yesterday	yasser	arafat	asked	police	area	supposed	charge	destroying	instruments	power	today	completely	isolated	desire	drive	scarcely	disguised	ariel	sharon's	exploitation	september	massacres	unmistakable	sign	sharon	compared	arafat	bin	ladin	mullah	omar	put	resembles	perpetrator	sabra	shatila	massacres	escape	situation	current	perspective	solutions	logical	expulsion	palestinians	eretz	israel	mandatory	palestine	assassinated	minister	favored	solution	imagine	crimes	committed	achieve	result	arab	world	approve	remain	universal	character	prophets	israel	isaiah	israeli	citizens	hope	day	living	peace	region	solution	departure	israelis	hospitable	climes	united	states	europe	absolutely	impossible	time	future	remain	ideals	liberators	people	builders	question	serves	reminder	left	reinventing	diaspora	israelis	stay	intend	french	algeria	solution	consists	coexistence	takes	form	separate	states	federation	confederation	basic	principles	civic	social	economic	equality	principle	applies	primarily	attitudes	prevail	future	negotiations	applies	palestinian	citizens	israel	years	creation	state	equal	holds	israelis	decide	remain	palestinian	territory	longer	encysted	reciprocity	renunciation	sovereignty	party	compensated	applies	problems	discussion	including	issue	jerusalem	refugees	acknowledged	government	ariel	sharon	tack	grudgingly	recognized	palestinians	state	conditions	state	reduced	series	bantustans	chance	living	developing	peacefully	extremists	sides	understood	derived	encouragement	israeli	ambassador	france	elie	barnavi	contradictory	statements	nurit	peled	sharon	government	government	death	easily	fit	telephone	booth	existence	constitute	israel's	honor	hope	rest	israel	prophets	called	mustard	seed	prophet	referred	hope	hope
213--------------
topic:	52	israel	palestinians	israelis	sharon	security	occupation	attend	country	saturday	israeli
file label:settlements
buffer	zones	ariel	sharon	intends	establish	explicit	admission	israelis	longer	live	sword	occupation	working	israeli	reprisals	meeting	success	thinking	building	great	wall	china	middle	east	replete	elaborate	fences	tunnels	conceding	israel	safe	normal	country	integrate	region	alien	seedling	isolate	fortify	lowly	outpost	total	disengagement	palestinians	complete	walls	razor	wire	provide	israel	longdesired	security	free	burden	control	million	desperate	palestinians	number	die	order	occupation	separation	occupation	israeli	government	provide	security	long	persists	efforts	maintain	presence	israel's	borders	retain	territories	inhabited	millions	palestinians	clear	retaliating	act	palestinian	resistance	israel's	superior	ability	punish	palestinians	provide	security	israelis	demanding	current	spiral	violence	israel	limit	areas	assume	responsibility	citizens	security	means	return	israel's	borders	practically	speaking	buffer	zone	impossible	erect	physical	border	israel	palestinian	state	twisted	distorted	accommodate	jewish	settlers	west	bank	gaza	unilateral	separation	negotiated	agreement	realized	israel	uproot	settlements	sharon	flatly	withdraw	single	settlement	thinks	settlement	important	determined	israelis	retain	land	west	bank	gaza	strip	eventual	goal	peace	process	coexistence	israel	state	palestine	israel	deigned	propose	palestinians	live	israelis	full	citizens	sate	israel	palestinians	part	country	margin	israelis	sharon	plan	violence	buffer	idea	buttresses	longstanding	view	sharon	brought	israeli	public	security	grim	determination	destroyed	peace	process	oslo	agreements	doggedly	continues	demolish	prevent	hope	road	peaceful	coexistence	israelis	longer	palestinians	avoid	sharon	ensured	israelis	rapidly	absorbing	lesson	place	israel	considered	safe	wall	miles	fences	solutions	intifada	long	israel	persists	occupation	territories	palestinians	die	large	numbers	deny	israel	privilege
214--------------
topic:	190	israeli	palestinian	people	arafat	sharon	arab	resolution	conflict	united	states
file label:settlements
settlers	palestine	hostage	days	parties	palestine	conflict	crossroads	escalation	conflict	cost	people	lives	space	months	onethird	israelis	twothirds	palestinians	circumstances	led	situation	today	parties	conflict	find	road	leads	swiftly	abyss	thursday	arab	summit	lebanese	capital	beirut	ended	adoption	resolution	content	illustrated	arab	world	summit	place	sudanese	capital	khartoum	shortly	israeli	victory	days	war	arab	heads	state	adopted	noes	negotiations	israel	recognition	peace	thursday	summit	adopted	resolution	proposed	recognition	jewish	state	normal	relations	conflict	return	israeli	withdrawal	palestinian	territories	israel	occupied	years	mention	cardinal	problems	israel	palestinians	future	million	arab	refugees	couched	terms	softer	time	summit's	declaration	piece	news	middle	east	produced	oslo	accords	prime	minister	yitzhaq	rabin	palestinian	leader	yasir	arafat	signed	lawn	front	white	house	washington	resolution	put	saudi	arabia	plea	addressed	israeli	people	heads	ariel	sharon's	government	arab	leader	doubt	sharon's	standpoint	resolution	resolution	forced	corner	sharon	give	occupied	territories	unmasked	eyes	world	man	standing	peace	middle	east	hours	summit	chance	sharon's	rescue	thursday	evening	palestinian	suicide	bomber	attacked	hotel	natanya	couple	people	gathered	traditional	passover	meal	twentytwo	people	killed	addition	suicide	bomber	injured	bomber	member	hamas	radical	muslim	organization	israeli	intelligence	service	figured	list	israel	shortly	handed	palestinian	security	service	arafat's	promise	action	neutralize	people	list	lift	finger	night	israeli	security	cabinet	met	decided	steps	destroy	palestinian	terrorist	structure	arrest	leaders	confiscate	arms	step	israeli	forces	main	palestinian	town	ramallah	arafat	headquarters	autonomous	palestinian	areas	administered	weeks	previously	sharon	arafat	irrelevant	declared	arafat	enemy	prisoner	headquarters	palestinian	authority	effectively	ceased	function	prior	natanya	massacre	washington	imposed	number	limitations	sharon	israeli's	antiterrorist	operations	bring	palestinian	authority	collapse	israeli	forces	reconquer	territories	jurisdiction	authority	arafat	man	molested	time	washington	largely	keeping	silent	usual	appeals	sides	reverse	anonymous	sources	washington	holds	arafat	responsible	fact	mediator	anthony	zinni's	endeavors	arrange	ceasefire	foundered	sources	sharon	accepted	ceasefire	proposal	arafat	hesitated	announced	agreement	natanya	massacre	israeli	counteraction	occurred	time	united	states	sharon	free	hand	problem	action	place	throw	terrorist	groups	balance	time	solve	israeli	people's	security	problems	root	terrorism	israeli	occupation	israeli	settlements	occupied	territory	settlers	number	people	israeli	government	israeli	palestinian	peoples	hostage	sharon	master	escalation	demonstrated	defense	minister	invasion	lebanon	led	arafat's	forced	exile	tunis	present	sharon	entertaining	similar	thoughts	create	step	step	situation	rid	enemy	conflict	winners	military	superiority	solve	problems	fundamentally	political	nature	day	israeli	tanks	leave	ramallah	sown	seed	terrorist	actions	terrorism	thrives	atmosphere	hate	israeli	occupation	military	force	creating	fertile	soil	future	terrorists	recruited
215--------------
topic:	182	israeli	palestinian	israel	sharon	peace	israel's	occupation	international	minister	war
file label:settlements
kind	victory	israeli	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	thinks	achieving	total	war	occupying	autonomous	palestinian	city	ramallah	israeli	tanks	pushing	palestinian	autonomous	areas	occupying	cities	destroying	established	eusupported	infrastructure	house	arrest	temporarily	relaxed	massive	international	pressure	imposed	israel's	prime	minister	yasir	arafat	siege	palestinian	president's	headquarters	israeli	troops	international	journalists	refused	access	cities	occupied	israel	group	arab	israeli	peace	activists	wanted	bring	food	ramallah	expelled	israeli	army	unimpressed	decisions	eu	appeals	sharon	continuing	policy	provocation	began	demonstrative	visit	temple	mount	months	shown	strategy	suppression	prevented	suicide	attacks	emphatically	condemned	strongest	terms	contrary	prepares	ground	hatred	escalation	violence	campaign	palestine	sharon	jeopardizing	relations	arab	states	peace	offer	saudi	crown	prince	abdullah's	peace	plan	turned	policy	supposed	guarantee	israel's	security	days	israeli	prime	minister	referred	lebanon	war	voiced	regret	palestinian	leader	arafat	killed	israel	time	sharon	defense	minister	headed	israeli	lebanon	invasion	time	determined	israel's	supreme	court	shared	responsibility	massacres	palestinian	sabra	shatila	refugee	camps	lost	government	post	sharon	caused	damage	israel's	international	reputation	militarily	israel	win	war	palestinians	strength	politically	eyes	world's	public	question	arises	israeli	labor	party	long	justify	coalition	sharon	clear	peace	time	policy	israel	demanded	united	nations	withdraw	occupied	territories	international	peacekeeping	forces	deployed	lasting	solution	conflict	achieved	principle	land	peace	determined	madrid	conference	return	recognition	independent	sovereign	palestinian	state	israel's	security	neighbors	guaranteed	context	aware	core	problem	illegally	established	israeli	settlements	palestinian	autonomous	regions	steadily	expanded	years	israel	refuse	conscription	sign	increasingly	israelis	feel	held	hostage	settlers	prepared	war	settlements	peace	aware	material	basis	security	guarantee	israel	supplied	withdrawal	settlers	soldiers	areas	occupied	author	floor	leader	spoe	democratic	party
216--------------
topic:	38	rangel	terrorism	statements	united	minister	sharon	position	policy	israel	resettlement
file label:settlements
israeli	tanks	push	palestinian	population	center	difficult	guess	political	objectives	driving	prime	minister	ariel	sharon	destroy	infrastructure	suicide	attacks	israelis	understand	military	objective	achieved	operation	politically	temporary	security	produce	lost	immediately	troops	withdrawn	desperate	tableau	emerged	days	dismal	administration	president	george	bush	sort	logical	east	policy	week	united	states	stand	support	saudi	arabian	peace	plan	united	nations	supported	call	removal	israeli	troops	cities	occupied	areas	subsequent	remarks	bush	encouraged	sharon	continue	suicide	attacks	require	extensive	infrastructure	kilograms	explosives	simple	detonating	fuse	desperate	hatred	important	ingredients	categorical	moral	condemnation	terrorism	selfevident	free	israel	problem	faces	israeli's	occupation	resettlement	policies	created	breeding	ground	terrorism	sharon	root	resorting	exclusively	military	means	contrary	reason	operation	turns	successful	underlying	problem	remain	israel	responsible	million	bitter	people	lack	political	rights	means	preventing	return	terrorism	counterterrorist	effort	extends	village	erode	left	army's	reputation	military	cutting	edge	israel's	resettlement	policies	justified	grounds	security	months	demonstrated	contrary	extraordinary	burden	traffic	settlements	prevents	effective	monitoring	israel's	borders	high	birthrate	palestinian	population	guarantees	change	population	balance	occupied	territories	stepping	resettlement	jewish	sharon	refuses	offer	palestinians	state	acceptable	borders	conditions	alternatives	left	politically	prudent	israeli	support	involve	continuous	occupation	development	apartheid	state	similar	south	africa	terrorism	absent	country	process	israel	lose	count	world's	democracies	alternative	entails	massive	expulsion	million	palestinians	neighboring	countries	human	political	catastrophe	accompany	sharon	admit	planning	idea	discussed	israel	prime	minister	explain	objective	actions	high	time	united	states	hurry	offer	assistance	ingredients	decision	large	measure	place	admitted	sides	simultaneous	violence	resettlement	policy	negotiations	basis	saudi	arabian	proposal	earlier	results	talks	camp	david	taba	supporting	sharon's	irresponsible	saber	rattling	washington	places	strains	relations	arab	countries	needlessly	puts	settlement	day	play	role	midwife
217--------------
topic:	184	israeli	palestinian	citizens	cities	suffering	main	forces	rights	peace	settlement
file label:settlements
withdrawal	bethlehem	bayt	jala	qalqilya	israeli	forces	withdrew	ramallah	yesterday	maintained	siege	closure	city	means	suffering	citizens	ramallah	suffering	citizens	bethlehem	bayt	jala	qalqilya	continue	roadblocks	affecting	medical	economic	educational	social	life	people	world	suffering	main	reason	suffering	continuing	israeli	occupation	heavy	burden	palestinian	citizens	israeli	withdrawal	correction	mistake	israeli	government	decided	reoccupy	parts	main	west	bank	cities	assassination	israeli	minister	rehav'am	ze'evi	reoccupation	kind	collective	punishment	inhabitants	cities	villages	villages	constitute	organic	vital	extension	cities	israeli	forces	destroyed	buildings	installations	cities	arrested	dozens	citizens	killed	dozens	showed	ruling	rightwing	coalition	israel	pursuing	occupational	policy	place	recognize	firm	national	palestinian	rights	freedom	independence	occupation	settlement	policy	disregards	establish	peace	based	palestinian	people	regain	freedom	independence	reflected	statements	israeli	officials	brag	large	number	palestinians	killed	arrested	israeli	forces	reflected	fact	ruling	israeli	coalition	agreedupon	political	plan	settlement	plans	initiatives	attributed	israeli	official	unable	meet	minimum	legitimate	palestinian	demands	initiatives	plans	largely	hegemony	settlements	palestinian	lands	resources	airspace	crossing	points	approach	national	palestinian	rights	israeli	government	playing	cat	mouse	game	time	factor	perpetuate	occupation	working	push	palestinians	world	labyrinths	tunnels	tunnels	distract	main	central	demands	cycle	reoccupationwithdrawalreoccupation	part	approach	secret	peace	lies	full	israeli	withdrawal	palestinian	territories	occupied	termination	occupational	settlement	presence	territories	peace	lie	devious	methods	circumvent	inalienable	palestinian	rights	methods	complicate	add	fuel	raging	fire
218--------------
topic:	79	palestinian	israel	israeli	people	tactic	palestinians	united	states	security	withdrawal
file label:settlements
tragic	shocking	events	shook	united	states	destroying	number	economic	urban	military	landmarks	aroused	grief	sorrow	worldwide	terrorist	violence	struck	innocent	women	children	defenseless	civilians	scenes	destruction	reminded	palestinian	people	ongoing	devastation	palestinians	falling	victim	israeli	acts	bombardment	targeted	assassinations	incursions	palestinian	towns	villages	including	bayt	jala	gaza	khan	yunus	rafah	janin	tulkarm	ramlallah	jericho	nabulus	live	conscience	human	feelings	palestinian	moved	events	expressed	sympathy	families	victims	political	stances	totally	biased	israel	israel's	advanced	weapons	curb	palestinian	intifadah	palestinians	hoping	americans	realize	realized	justice	palestinian	enormous	injustice	suffered	palestinians	expelled	homeland	land	occupied	deprived	minimum	political	human	rights	people	moved	scenes	destruction	involved	manhattan	world	trade	center	pentagon	palestinian	people	people	majority	security	sites	destroyed	residential	neighborhoods	apartment	buildings	parallel	combat	lines	israeli	army	settlements	west	bank	gaza	targeted	apaches	helicopters	largecaliber	artillery	machine	guns	israel	advantage	tragedy	claim	standing	ditch	united	states	violence	terrorism	twisted	logic	israel	occupation	state	persecuting	palestinians	denying	exercise	national	sovereign	rights	comparison	theoretically	valid	israel	withdrew	occupied	territories	violence	terrorism	continued	world	busy	news	attacks	targets	feeling	acts	israel	carried	incursion	janin	neighboring	villages	bombarded	palestinian	internal	security	sites	demolished	homes	east	jerusalem	killed	additional	number	palestinian	activists	nonactivists	including	girl	important	united	states	realize	difference	israeli	cases	palestinians	washington	understand	stand	justice	required	israel	withdraw	military	settlement	fronts	territories	occupied	united	states	push	ally	israel	direction	put	sensitivities	hatred	injustice	spread	peace	region	world
219--------------
topic:	123	taiwan	military	beijing	united	forces	mainland	island	china	beijing's	states
file label:taiwan
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	paris	july	cna	taiwan's	economy	totally	dependent	mainland	china	years	causing	island	lose	control	political	fate	french	weekly	warned	thursday	nouvel	observateur	beijing	annex	taiwan	force	deployment	missiles	coastal	provinces	taiwan	resorting	smarter	tactics	bringing	taiwan	authorities	heel	taiwan	businessmen	eager	explore	mainland	chinese	market	weekly	mainland	china	attracted	billion	investment	taiwan	taipei	authorities	bowed	pressure	businessmen	lift	restrictions	investment	mainland	china	move	expected	speed	flow	taiwan	capital	arch	rival	barring	reversal	trend	weekly	quoted	magazine	business	weekly	beijing	bring	island	knees	firing	bullet	factor	deter	beijing's	military	adventurism	taiwan	strait	washington's	readiness	fight	beijing	taiwan	bear	witness	washington's	determination	remain	power	asia	magazine	publication	quoted	wu	guoguang	professor	hong	kong	university	concessions	washington	taiwan	issue	trigger	defection	asian	allies	including	japan	beijing's	fold	beijing's	leaders	blink	issue	independent	state	taiwan	boost	schisms	tibet	xinjiang	threaten	regime	beijing	magazine	claimed	scant	possibility	military	conflict	taiwan	strait	nouvel	observateur	beijing's	military	buildup	southern	coastal	provinces	region	heavily	armed	place	world	middle	east	dangerous	flashpoint	century
220--------------
topic:	36	taiwan	beijing	china	president	tang	wang	visits	relationship	arms	washington
file label:taiwan
china's	minister	charge	taiwan	affairs	beijing	resort	force	defend	taiwan	changing	situation	island	renegade	province	wang	yi	threeday	working	visit	thailand	week	sought	allay	fears	allies	asia	crossstraits	ties	taiwan	gave	assurance	situation	escalate	war	latter's	acquisition	offensive	weapons	united	states	weapons	prevent	taiwan	reuniting	china	told	thai	chinese	media	week	wang's	visit	malaysia	singapore	indonesia	pressure	mounts	sides	resume	dialogue	beijing	poised	member	world	trade	organisation	year	taiwan	follow	suit	shortly	beijing	maintain	pursuit	peaceful	unification	taiwan	welcomed	resumption	dialogue	bogged	time	president	lee	tenghui	demanded	political	parity	unilaterally	redefining	bilateral	ties	special	statetostate	relations	president	chen	shuibian	mellowed	stance	independence	refused	bow	onechina	policy	precondition	dialogue	latest	speech	chen	longstanding	dispute	china	resolved	dialogue	respect	principles	democracy	freedom	taiwan	heightened	diplomatic	campaign	wang	parliamentarian	private	diplomacy	win	recognition	beijing's	allies	beijing	worried	tactic	chinese	premier	zhu	rongji	raised	matter	thai	leaders	official	visit	thailand	number	thai	politicians	visiting	taiwan	members	parliament	increasing	unusual	rate	disapproved	visits	matter	capacity	people	travel	taiwan	treats	official	visits	parliamentarians	hold	quasiofficial	status	taiwanese	officials	bangkok	claimed	trips	thailand	taiwan	voluntary	initiated	visitors	wang	beijing	raised	objections	socalled	stopover	tactic	taiwanese	leaders	long	visits	generate	political	activities	host	country	stilltense	relationship	wang	optimistic	reunification	eventually	happen	case	hong	kong	macau	decline	president	chen's	popularity	attributed	drop	number	people	favouring	independence	cent	taiwanese	favour	independence	broad	statistics	taiwanborn	voters	favouring	independence	account	cent	island's	million	population	wang	believes	unification	benefit	people	sides	taiwan	straits	year	million	taiwanese	visitors	china
221--------------
topic:	187	taiwan	states	united	china	bush	sinous	world	beijing	country	republic
file label:taiwan
tells	china	taiwan	remarks	mistake	xinhua	beijing	united	states	told	china	president	george	bush	mistake	called	taiwan	country	speech	week	official	xinhua	news	agency	reported	sunday	washington	told	china	government	changed	taiwan	policy	refer	taiwan	xinhua	quoted	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	reports	taiwanese	newspapers	friday	bush	called	island	republic	taiwan	country	speech	diplomats	business	executives	thursday	calling	taiwan	country	threaten	compromise	major	pillar	sinous	relations	set	largely	based	nod	china	principle	states	taiwan	part	china	reuters	reported	beijing	island	wayward	province	reunited	mainland	force	asked	explanation	saturday	bush	referred	taiwan	country	taiwan's	united	daily	news	quoted	official	bush's	labeling	taiwan	republic	slip	tongue	shift	policy	bush	referring	entry	late	year	year	china	taiwan	world	trade	organization	reports	englishlanguage	taipei	times	newspaper	quoted	bush	important	recognize	countries	republic	taiwan	china	world	trade	organization	taiwan	issue	caused	rough	patches	bilateral	ties	arms	sales	taiwan	angered	beijing	month	editorial	official	china	daily	newspaper	beijing	felt	betrayed	decision	taiwanese	defense	minister	tang	yiauming	united	states	talks	defense	officials	warned	setback	sinous	ties	foreign	ministry	officials	confirmed	sides	moving	plans	scheduled	visit	chinese	vicepresident	hu	jintao	united	states	late	april
222--------------
topic:	67	taiwan	china	united	states	defense	remarks	relations	official	zhang	president
file label:taiwan
bush	takes	great	leap	pledging	defending	taiwan	honolulu	starbulletin	march	rising	east	bush	takes	great	leap	pledging	defending	taiwan	richard	halloran	closeddoor	meeting	florida	week	bush	administration	great	leap	declared	policy	taiwan	remain	separate	china	long	people	taiwan	requires	military	force	host	threeday	ustaiwan	defense	summit	frank	carlucci	chairman	ustaiwan	business	council	onetime	deputy	director	central	intelligence	national	security	adviser	president	reagan	secretary	defense	possibly	secretive	official	washington	years	meeting	hidden	clear	avoid	flaunting	face	china	claims	sovereignty	taiwan	protests	american	action	favoring	island	leaked	illuminate	president	bush's	policy	consistent	enunciated	campaign	presidency	centerpiece	visit	taiwan's	defense	minister	tang	yaoming	president	carter	switched	diplomatic	recognition	taiwan	china	tang	invited	evidence	bush	adopted	protaiwan	posture	president	quarter	century	stance	differs	distinctly	president	clinton	tilted	favor	beijing	senior	official	gathering	deputy	secretary	defense	paul	wolfowitz	written	strategic	moral	mistake	united	states	china	force	taiwan	cautioned	united	states	expected	taiwan	avoid	provoking	china	tang	asserted	taiwan	talking	wolfowitz	hours	tang	guaranteed	government	means	provocative	step	china	meeting	exclusive	resort	st	petersburg	brought	representatives	america's	biggest	defense	contractors	lockheed	martin	boeing	northrop	grumman	raytheon	general	dynamics	united	technologies	textron	honeywell	international	united	defense	weapon	taiwan	possibly	fend	expanding	china	china's	military	threat	taiwan	adm	dennis	blair	commands	forces	pacific	told	congress	pla	peoples	liberation	army	years	capability	hold	taiwan	admiral	cautioned	continued	improvements	taiwan's	capabilities	development	uspacom	united	states	pacific	command	capabilities	maintain	sufficient	defense	bush	began	enunciating	policy	taiwan	november	honor	promises	people	taiwan	deny	beijing	impose	rule	free	people	republican	election	platform	reflected	candidate's	policy	issues	taiwan's	future	resolved	peacefully	agreeable	people	taiwan	china	attacked	taiwan	united	states	respond	appropriately	accordance	taiwan	relations	act	tra	adopted	carter	broke	relations	taiwan	commits	united	states	provide	defensive	arms	taiwan	view	threat	china	grave	concern	bush	repeatedly	referred	tra	notsosubtle	message	china	law	bedrock	posture	taiwan	succinct	statement	bush	policy	secretary	state	colin	powell	senate	confirmation	hearing	january	expect	demand	peaceful	settlement	acceptable	people	sides	taiwan	strait	shortly	bush	office	approved	largest	arms	sale	taiwan	allowing	taiwan	buy	destroyers	dieselpowered	submarines	antisubmarine	aircraft	flock	missiles	weapons	time	united	states	takes	defend	taiwan	told	interviewer	china	circumstances	warrant	uphold	spirit	taiwan	relations	act	decision	bush	defense	official	pacific	command	ready	respond	potential	crisis	including	force	taiwan	china	critical	question	chinese	noting	american	military	operations	afghanistan	heed	warnings	miscalculate	call	bush's	bluff	richard	halloran	correspondent	york	times	asia	editorial	director	starbulletin	column	appears	sundays
223--------------
topic:	123	taiwan	military	beijing	united	forces	mainland	island	china	beijing's	states
file label:taiwan
taiwan	caucus	provocation	commentary	april	anniversary	united	states	troublemaking	taiwan	relations	act	congress	due	unveil	taiwan	caucus	congressional	caucuses	issuebased	racial	groups	devoted	solely	taiwan	inalienable	part	china	claimed	caucus	serve	official	channel	legislators	united	states	island	exchange	ideas	provocative	move	overshadow	renewed	sinous	relations	dangerous	level	provide	fodder	taiwan's	military	forces	play	hands	taiwan	separatist	extremists	group's	goals	promote	military	ties	taiwan	time	conspicuous	signs	everincreasing	ustaiwan	military	ties	midmarch	side	granted	taiwan	defence	minister	tang	yiauming	visa	attend	conference	sponsored	military	contractors	florida	sidelines	conference	met	senior	bush	administration	officials	including	deputy	defence	secretary	paul	wolfowitz	assistant	secretary	state	james	kelly	march	admiral	dennis	blair	commanderinchief	pacific	command	told	house	armed	services	committee	united	states	taiwan	maintain	military	balance	taiwan	straits	sides	continue	modernizing	armed	forces	socalled	military	balance	taiwan	leader	chen	shuibian	wednesday	receiving	special	delegation	house	representatives	chen	strong	support	congress	led	arms	sales	taiwan	april	year	ensured	balanced	crossstraits	military	situation	peace	taiwan	straits	president	bush	reaffirmed	promises	taiwanese	repeatedly	declared	abide	taiwan	relations	act	provide	taiwan	protection	beijing	chen	quoted	taipei	times	cases	sow	wind	reap	whirlwind	robust	military	buildup	bring	socalled	balance	menace	crossstraits	peace	stability	helping	taiwan	build	military	muscle	foment	proindependence	forces	latest	remarks	events	give	forces	impression	united	states	side	ready	provide	military	protection	provocative	push	island	edge	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
224--------------
topic:	119	taiwan	bush	china	beijing	island	washington	taipei	states	president	united
file label:taiwan
china	plays	friction	taiwan	author	reuters	thursday	february	pm	beijing	china	played	sensitive	differences	united	states	taiwan	thursday	president	jiang	zemin	holding	tongue	commitments	arm	diplomaticallyisolated	island	jiang	portrayed	talks	president	george	bush	issue	lowkey	telling	reporters	sides	expressed	opposition	taiwan	independence	hope	solving	taiwan	question	peacefully	jiang's	subdued	tone	pledges	press	arms	sales	taipei	defence	summit	taiwan	officials	month	underlined	desire	avoid	disputes	washington	leadership	handover	autumn	jiang	bush	restated	washington's	longstanding	commitment	beijing's	china	policy	states	taiwan	mainland	belong	single	country	clear	signal	continued	support	taiwan	bush	honour	pledge	arm	island	china	regarded	rebel	province	civil	war	split	position	government	changed	years	peaceful	settlement	issue	bush	told	news	conference	talks	jiang	day	visit	urge	provocation	united	states	continue	support	taiwan	relations	act	united	states	passed	taiwan	relations	act	year	switched	diplomatic	relations	taipei	beijing	reaffirming	commitment	taiwan	pledging	maintain	arms	sales	island	taiwan	relieved	chinese	analysts	advise	comment	policy	played	tensions	china	united	states	taiwan	beijing	sensitive	issue	bilateral	relationship	taiwan	problem	problem	jin	canrong	top	researcher	prestigious	china	academy	social	sciences	china	america	widening	scope	cooperation	priority	taiwan	problem	bilateral	relations	lowered	bush's	statement	relief	taiwan	watching	twoday	visit	closely	fearing	washington	give	china	return	beijing's	support	usled	war	terrorism	analysts	democratic	island	run	president	chen	shuibian	proindependence	democratic	progressive	party	relies	united	states	main	arms	supplier	trading	partner	bush	stands	firm	washington	angered	beijing	year	offering	taiwan	biggest	arms	package	decade	including	submarines	time	washington	takes	protect	island	china	demanded	washington	arms	sales	taiwan	step	explicit	statements	support	island	beijing	threatened	attack	declares	independence	delays	reunification	talks	indefinitely	bush	stood	firm	asian	tour	speaking	japan's	diet	parliament	heading	seoul	bush	reassured	taiwan	america	remember	commitments	people	taiwan	controversial	move	defence	department	wednesday	part	closeddoor	conference	month	private	organisers	call	defence	summit	taiwan	event	typically	anger	china	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
225--------------
topic:	67	taiwan	china	united	states	defense	remarks	relations	official	zhang	president
file label:taiwan
china	slams	arms	sales	taiwan	author	afp	thursday	april	pm	beijing	china	thursday	slammed	increasingly	close	ties	united	states	taiwan	demanding	official	exchanges	weapons	sales	continual	sale	arms	united	states	upgrading	relations	taiwan	lead	tensions	straits	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	zhang	qiyue	demand	strictly	abide	commitments	china	correct	erroneous	acts	remarks	avoid	harm	chinaus	relations	zhang	expressed	alarm	washington's	announcement	wednesday	defense	department	officials	visit	taiwan	discuss	sale	diesel	electric	submarines	china	resolutely	opposed	form	official	exchanges	military	intercourse	united	states	taiwan	zhang	taiwan	issue	important	sensitive	issue	core	sinous	relations	biweekly	ministry	briefing	military	tensions	taiwan	strait	selfinterests	united	states	warned	refused	confirm	april	visit	chinese	vice	president	hu	jintao	washington	reported	hong	kong	press	visit	beijing	widely	expected	centered	china's	dissatisfaction	taiwan	issue	china	considered	taiwan	renegade	province	threatened	bring	force	continues	indefinitely	refuse	proposals	peaceful	reunification	beijing	long	refused	establish	diplomatic	relations	nation	maintains	official	contact	taiwan	encouraged	economic	exchanges	taiwan	nations	zhang	bashed	remarks	month	deputy	defense	secretary	paul	wolfowitz	meeting	florida	attended	visiting	taiwanese	defense	minister	tang	yaoming	united	states	committed	takes	taiwan	defend	wolfowitz	echoing	president	george	bush's	remarks	office	year	position	clear	continued	support	taiwan	independence	oppose	force	wolfowitz	expressed	concern	china's	continuing	deployment	forces	tactical	missiles	areas	straits	taiwan	officials	denied	wolfowitz's	remarks	reflected	change	policy	taiwan	zhang	remarks	official	violation	commitments	taiwan	interference	china	internal	affairs	china	firmly	opposed	remarks	chinese	missile	tests	taiwan	resulted	washington	deploying	aircraft	carrier	battle	groups	region	copyright	times	internet	limited	rights	reserved
226--------------
topic:	187	taiwan	states	united	china	bush	sinous	world	beijing	country	republic
file label:taiwan
beijing	mar	wen	wei	poin	response	decision	tang	yaoming	visit	united	states	experts	taiwan	affairs	interviews	reporter	showed	lack	sincerity	united	states	improving	sinous	relations	moves	china's	limits	tolerance	affect	sinous	diplomatic	relations	yu	keli	deputy	director	institute	taiwan	studies	chinese	academy	social	sciences	office	bush	administration	interfering	china's	internal	affairs	meddling	taiwan	issue	run	counter	aspirations	peoples	healthy	development	sinous	relations	sun	yan	assistant	professor	international	relations	college	beijing	university	held	issue	international	antiterror	cooperation	united	states	wanted	rope	china	order	remove	obstacles	phase	attack	iraq	china	united	states	achieved	progress	taiwan	issue	compared	clinton	administration	bush	administration	evidently	retrogression	taiwan	issue	li	jiaquan	research	fellow	cass	institute	taiwan	studies	visit	china	bush	steered	clear	sinous	joint	communiques	china	important	occasions	joint	conference	jiang	zemin	speech	qinghua	university	meetings	jiang	zemin	zhu	rongji	bush	stressed	china	sinous	communiques	cases	contrast	sharply	public	occasions	bush	show	consideration	antichina	forces	protaiwan	faction	appease	taiwan	separatists	bush	conduct	upright	manner	speaks	insincerely	li	jiaquan	felt	quote	line	guo	moruo	confounding	wrong	kind	enemy	hard	friends	describe	united	states	japan's	militarism	enemy	china	friend	united	states	united	states	sees	friend	enemy	enemy	friend
227--------------
topic:	137	taiwan	united	states	mainland	china	kao	chen	meeting	strait	roc
file label:taiwan
taipei	oct	cna	republic	china	government	believes	commitment	separating	antiterrorism	campaign	taiwan	strait	issue	senior	ministry	foreign	affairs	mofa	official	thursday	stanley	kao	director	mofa's	north	american	affairs	department	remarks	mounting	concerns	possibility	united	states	compromise	taiwan's	interests	exchange	mainland	china's	cooperation	current	usled	war	global	terrorism	kao	president	george	bush's	trip	shanghai	attend	annual	informal	leadership	meeting	asiapacific	economic	cooperation	apec	forum	seek	expansion	antiterrorism	coalition	prior	departure	shanghai	bush	meeting	mainland	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	reaffirm	jiang	support	china	policy	desire	peaceful	solution	disputes	sides	taiwan	strait	kao	senior	bush	administration	officials	including	secretary	state	colin	powell	reassurances	united	states	seek	mainland	china's	support	antiterrorism	campaign	expense	taiwan	sincerity	united	states	promising	mix	counterterrorism	drive	taiwan	strait	issue	kao	adding	relevant	officials	occasions	reaffirmed	similar	commitments	roc	commenting	washington	post	report	bush	administration	waiving	sanctions	bar	sales	militaryrelated	equipment	mainland	china	kao	mofa	obtain	information	report	view	kao	crossstrait	balance	military	power	critical	roc's	national	security	noting	united	states	consistently	attached	great	importance	asiapacific	regional	stability	security	kao	robust	arms	sales	package	taiwan	struck	april	year	signifies	united	states	security	region	backdrop	kao	roc	government	optimistic	defense	cooperation	united	states	foreign	wire	service	report	shanghai	quoted	senior	department	state	official	wednesday	bush	administration	plans	ease	sanctions	mainland	china	official	told	reporters	traveling	powell	en	route	shanghai	apec	meeting	unequivocally	denied	washington	post	report	bush	administration	move	specifically	sales	spare	parts	mainland	chineseowned	helicopters	weapon	war	terrorism	sale	waiver	contemplated	post	quoted	officials	white	house	waiver	sanctions	imposed	tiananmen	square	crackdown	beijing	sale	parts	black	hawks	washington	sold	mainland	china	helicopters	designed	high	altitudes	typical	mainland	china	including	afghan	border	afghanistan	bombardment	refusing	hand	chief	suspect	sept	attacks	york	washington	saudiborn	dissident	osama	bin	laden	bin
228--------------
topic:	24	taiwan	taiwanese	independence	authorities	china	change	leader	unification	english	symbol
file label:taiwan
january	leader	taiwanese	authorities	proudly	announced	gathering	protaiwan	independence	elements	beginning	year	taiwanese	travel	documents	addition	taiwan	english	claimed	gift	taiwan	independence	groups	dangerous	signal	leader	taiwanese	authorities	promoting	gradual	taiwan	independence	attempt	split	motherland	maintain	sharp	vigilance	move	addition	passports	move	leader	taiwanese	authorities	long	premeditated	carefully	planned	gradually	implemented	early	taiwanese	authorities	notified	departments	including	taiwanese	foreign	ministry	official	symbol	taiwan	tags	seating	plates	menus	guest	books	writing	paper	invitations	avoid	symbol	national	emblem	replace	symbol	national	flat	absolutely	feasible	symbol	plum	blossom	taiwan	independence	activist	yao	jiawen	claimed	tokyo	japan	taiwanese	authorities	instructed	foreign	ministry	change	english	translation	people's	republic	china	passports	taiwan	overseas	agencies	taiwanese	agencies	caused	strong	opposition	aspects	taiwanese	authorities	respond	key	june	leaders	taiwanese	authorities	met	legislators	democratic	progressive	party	expressed	publicly	time	addition	taiwan	english	passports	imperative	notice	addition	passports	isolated	incident	harm	limited	incident	lies	fact	important	step	taiwanese	authorities	promote	gradual	taiwan	independence	leader	taiwanese	authorities	commitment	socalled	noes	office	noes	pledges	declare	independence	change	national	title	push	statetostate	relations	included	constitution	promote	referendum	change	status	quo	regard	independence	abolish	guiding	principle	national	unification	national	unification	commission	month	changed	tone	consensus	consensus	consensus	august	preached	unification	necessarily	final	choice	november	manufactured	socalled	acknowledgements	suggestions	claimed	sides	strait	subordinated	represent	year's	speech	proposed	ambiguous	conformity	theory	takes	tone	unification	promotes	independence	nature	claimed	conformity	theory	unification	conformity	time	leader	taiwanese	authorities	gradually	promoted	socalled	correcting	taiwan	taiwan	press	bureau	stopped	symbol	map	china	taiwanese	authorities	concerned	forced	taiwanese	ngo	change	word	china	english	annual	taiwanese	authorities	add	english	word	taiwan	taiwanese	travel	documents	activities	change	taiwan	taiwanese	authorities	comprehensive	policies	separating	china	ideology	culture	history	education	media	attempts	separate	taiwan	china	change	status	part	china	purpose	create	conditions	final	public	announcement	taiwan	independence	development	events	fully	leader	taiwanese	authorities	stance	taiwan	independence	method	nibbling	promote	gradual	taiwan	independence	promotion	gradual	taiwan	independence	leader	taiwanese	authorities	misjudgment	situations	internal	situation	external	situation	internally	considers	legislative	election	year	public's	recognition	idea	taiwan	independence	support	lee	tenghui	overseas	taiwan	independence	forces	situation	great	fact	economic	difficulties	island	political	deadlock	public's	confidence	crisis	agenda	taiwanese	authorities	top	concern	irresponsible	promotion	taiwan	independence	intensification	crossstrait	ties	blessings	taiwan	externally	sinous	relations	increasingly	improving	president	bush	visit	china	united	states	commitment	change	taiwan	policy	taiwanese	authorities	exaggerated	sinous	conflicts	hopes	seeking	benefits	conflicts	unwise	idea	worth	special	attention	mainland's	stance	taiwan	issue	clear	changed	taiwan	inseparable	part	china	type	taiwan	independence	absolutely	permitted	mainland	greatest	sincerity	peaceful	unification	taiwan	strong	determination	preparations	preventing	taiwan	independence	separatist	activities	taiwanese	authorities	cling	obstinately	continue	steps	gradual	taiwan	independence	intensify	crossstrait	relations	eat	bitter	fruit
229--------------
topic:	160	china	states	united	cooperation	muslims	visit	chinese	relations	gul	bush's
file label:taiwan
president	george	bush's	east	asia	tour	final	stopover	china	remarkable	agreements	summit	talks	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	jiang	zemin	chinese	vice	president	hu	jintao's	promise	visit	united	states	biggest	significance	lies	united	states	china	reaffirmed	cooperation	world	asia's	peace	stability	bush's	visit	china	set	date	anniversary	president	richard	nixon's	visit	china	week	changed	world	displayed	intentions	united	states	china	bush's	china	visit	milestone	countries	relations	based	trust	built	nixon's	visit	ambassador	china	clark	randt	cited	chinese	authorities	phrase	direct	constructive	relationship	cooperation	uschina	summit	talks	gap	countries	points	confrontation	issues	taiwan	iran	china's	exportation	weapons	massive	destruction	human	rights	religious	suppression	bridged	means	points	confrontation	countries	develop	relationship	cooperation	year	uschina	relations	drastically	worsened	bush	redefined	china	strategic	competitor	increased	sales	level	arms	taiwan	row	united	states	china	missile	defense	program	china's	suppression	religious	group	falungong	collision	chinese	military	aircraft	worse	countries	relations	began	improve	china	expressed	active	support	international	cooperation	terrorism	wake	simultaneous	terrorist	attacks	united	states	september	bush	commitment	constructive	relationship	cooperation	uschina	summit	talks	shanghai	october	uschina	relations	restored	exceptional	comment	china	bush	speech	japanese	diet	visit	shows	bush's	desire	develop	ties	china	strong	china	making	dynamic	economic	progress	military	superpower	preferable	gain	china's	understanding	cooperation	antiterrorism	strategic	issues	china	concur	united	states	position	appears	united	states	strengthen	relations	convey	clear	message	chinese	side	bush's	china	visit	time	united	states	returning	engagement	policy	china	clinton	administration	era	united	states	plans	policy	strengthening	cooperation	china	involving	china	international	community	uschina	cooperation	milestone	peace	stability	china	nation	higher	transparency
230--------------
topic:	166	taiwan	taipei	china	president	washington	beijing	bush	wu	visit	taiwan's
file label:taiwan
taipei	feb	afp	taiwan	keeping	wary	eye	president	george	bush's	china	visit	assurances	washington	taipei's	interests	traded	trip	washington	guaranteed	taipei	dilute	backing	island	return	relations	beijing	taiwan's	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	chang	siaoyueh	told	afp	proper	channels	told	surprises	bush's	visit	china	top	official	handling	taiwan	affairs	richard	bush	relation	president	sought	ease	taipei's	concerns	visit	island	month	clear	relations	taipei	washington	joseph	wu	deputy	director	national	chengchi	university's	institute	international	relations	richard	bush	chairman	managing	director	american	institute	taiwan	ait	body	authorised	washington	handle	exchanges	switched	diplomatic	recognition	taipei	beijing	president	embarked	weeklong	tour	asia	late	saturday	stopovers	japan	south	korea	china	meet	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	february	wu	believed	taiwan	interests	protected	knocks	bush	administration	island	enjoyed	strong	support	decisionmakers	white	house	state	department	department	defense	washington	announced	april	comprehensive	arms	package	taipei	including	kiddclass	destroyers	diesel	submarines	submarinehunting	aircraft	sale	infuriated	beijing	taiwan	integral	part	territory	awaiting	reunification	force	leaving	asia	bush	discuss	beijing	trade	issues	arising	china's	entry	world	trade	organisation	global	war	terror	fate	taiwan	president	called	peaceful	resolution	sovereignty	dispute	taipei	beijing	split	civil	war	taiwanese	officials	concerned	speech	videoconference	hundreds	taiwanese	taiwanese	american	students	harvard	yale	columbia	universities	taiwan's	vice	president	annette	lu	saturday	warned	beijing's	attempt	obstruct	crossstrait	ties	usual	beijing	persuade	president	bush	disadvantageous	taiwan	bush's	asian	trip	mindset	impair	healthy	interaction	taiwan	people's	republic	china	taiwan's	foreign	ministry	set	ad	hoc	group	monitor	bush's	asia	trip	aroundtheclock	report	president	chen	shuibian	chang	adding	taipei's	de	facto	embassy	washington	similar	task	compounding	fears	speculation	bush	sign	fresh	communique	china	return	beijing's	support	issues	antiterrorism	prevention	nuclear	proliferation	countries	sealed	joint	communiques	issued	thenpresident	richard	nixon's	landmark	trip	china	signed	ronald	reagan	era	agreed	gradually	reduce	arms	sales	taiwan	wu	defended	taipei's	cautious	approach	warning	beijing	situation	gain	upper	hand	taiwan's	interest	harmed	chinese	leaders	advantage	occasion	making	remarks	unfavorable	taipei	washington	failed	defend	taipei	wu	warned	taipei	angered	thenpresident	bill	clinton	pledged	nos	china	visit	clinton	support	independence	taiwan	policy	chinas	china	taiwan	agreed	taiwan	member	organisation	statehood	requirement
231--------------
topic:	166	taiwan	taipei	china	president	washington	beijing	bush	wu	visit	taiwan's
file label:taiwan
taipei	feb	afp	taiwan	keeping	wary	eye	president	george	bush's	china	visit	assurances	washington	taipei's	interests	traded	trip	washington	guaranteed	taipei	dilute	backing	island	return	relations	beijing	taiwan's	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	chang	siaoyueh	told	afp	proper	channels	told	surprises	bush's	visit	china	top	official	handling	taiwan	affairs	richard	bush	relation	president	moved	ease	taipei's	concerns	visit	island	month	clear	relations	taipei	washington	joseph	wu	deputy	director	national	chengchi	university's	institute	international	relations	richard	bush	chairman	managing	director	washingtonbased	american	institute	taiwan	ait	body	authorised	washington	handle	exchanges	taipei	switched	diplomatic	recognition	taipei	beijing	president	embarked	weeklong	tour	asia	late	saturday	stopovers	planned	japan	south	korea	china	president	bush	hold	working	summit	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	beijing	february	wu	believed	taiwan	interests	protected	knocks	bush	administration	island's	strong	support	decisionmakers	white	house	state	department	department	defense	washington	announced	april	comprehensive	arms	package	taipei	including	kiddclass	destroyers	diesel	submarines	submarinehunting	aircraft	sale	infuriated	beijing	taiwan	integral	part	territory	awaiting	reunification	force	eve	departure	asia	bush	discuss	beijing	trade	issues	arising	china's	entry	world	trade	organisation	wto	global	war	terrorism	fate	taiwan	president	called	peaceful	resolution	lingering	sovereignty	dispute	taipei	beijing	split	civil	war	taiwanese	officials	concerned	foreign	ministry	set	ad	hoc	group	monitor	bush's	asian	trip	aroundtheclock	report	president	chen	shuibian	chang	adding	taiwan's	de	facto	embassy	washington	similar	task	compounding	fears	speculation	bush	sign	fresh	communique	china	return	beijing's	support	issues	antiterrorism	prevention	nuclear	proliferation	countries	sealed	joint	communiques	issued	thenpresident	richard	nixon's	landmark	trip	china	signed	ronald	reagan	era	agreed	gradually	reduce	arms	sales	taiwan	wu	defended	government's	cautious	approach	warning	beijing	situation	gain	upper	hand	taiwan's	interest	harmed	chinese	leaders	advantage	occasion	making	remarks	unfavorable	taipei	washington	failed	defend	taipei	wu	warned	taipei	angered	thenpresident	bill	clinton	pledged	nos	china	visit	clinton	support	independence	taiwan	policy	chinas	china	taiwan	agreed	taiwan	member	organisation	statehood	requirement
232--------------
topic:	49	china	chinese	bush	united	president	states	visit	development	economic	issue
file label:taiwan
hong	kong	feb	zts	president	bush	concluded	twoday	working	visit	china	exchanged	indepth	views	sinous	relations	major	international	regional	issues	chinese	leaders	reached	extensive	important	consensus	chinese	sides	hold	visit	achieved	positive	successful	results	hong	kong	media	generally	maintained	positive	stance	trip	welcomed	visit	bush's	visit	china	success	revisited	great	wall	hide	excitement	wanted	chinese	officials	show	places	nixon	stood	icebreaking	visit	great	wall	years	front	tv	camera	bush	stepped	steps	spot	nixon	stood	show	world	sinous	relationship	continues	move	existing	basis	editorial	wen	wei	po	noted	years	nixon	developed	strategic	relations	china	due	strategic	interests	deal	soviet	union	united	states	biggest	enemy	years	united	states	considers	world's	sole	superpower	september	event	bush	aware	major	enemy	united	states	terrorist	groups	security	threatened	support	big	countries	difficult	united	states	win	war	terrorism	bush	rediscovered	importance	china	big	country	side	globe	develop	constructive	cooperative	relations	china	accord	strategic	interests	united	states	appreciates	role	china	plays	helping	solve	conflict	india	pakistan	bush	hopes	jiang	zemin	mediate	democratic	people's	republic	korea	behalf	united	states	resume	talks	democratic	people's	republic	korea	people	world	work	hard	pursue	gains	bush	chooses	increase	contacts	china	shows	impossible	united	states	deal	global	issues	afford	ignore	china's	major	role	international	affairs	bush	stopped	referring	strategic	competitor	remark	visit	china	confrontation	biggest	countries	sides	pacific	brings	good	world	peace	economic	development	hong	kong's	public	opinion	hold	bush's	visit	china	delivering	message	china	threat	advocates	republican	party	time	engage	china	positive	manner	addition	stay	china	bush	expressed	admiration	surprise	occasions	development	china	years	china's	tremendous	development	potential	february	speech	tsinghua	university	bush	stated	hard	words	describe	earthshaking	china	ta	kung	pao	editorial	pointed	bush	remarks	courtesy	hosts	development	china	leave	deep	impression	bush	party	impact	government's	readjustment	implementation	policies	china	future	major	contents	purpose	bush's	speech	tsinghua	university	overseas	public	opinion	expected	promotion	values	china	editorial	hong	kong's	shang	pao	pointed	reform	opening	united	states	country	chinese	people	understand	united	states	country	easiest	understand	today	years	early	days	china's	reform	opening	broad	mass	chinese	people	young	college	students	values	chinese	people	understand	american	democracy	freedom	religions	human	rights	american	social	economic	political	problems	bush's	imagination	student	asked	bush	yesterday	handle	social	problems	including	problem	violation	human	rights	worse	day	day	united	states	taiwan	issue	prominent	premier	zhu	rongji's	meeting	bush	questions	posed	bush	tsinghua	students	hong	kong	public	opinion	pointed	shows	chinese	government	people	extremely	concerned	dissatisfied	bush's	remarks	taiwan	issue	government	realize	taiwan	issue	important	sensitive	core	issue	sinous	relations	united	states	greatly	responsible	slow	settlement	taiwan	issue	taiwan	independence	forces	running	rampant	government	earnestly	abide	sinous	joint	communiques	relevant	commitments	properly	handle	taiwan	issue	strategic	longterm	perspective	vital	importance	situation	taiwan	strait	peace	stability	asiapacific	region	healthy	development	sinous	relations
233--------------
topic:	9	china	tsai	mainland	sides	stability	dialogue	crossstrait	chen	beijing	president
file label:taiwan
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	taipei	dec	cna	mainland	affairs	council	mac	chairwoman	tsai	ingwen	tuesday	foresees	possibility	sides	taiwan	strait	resume	dialogue	year	tsai	remarks	meeting	delegation	committee	yorkbased	nonpartisan	association	ethnic	chinese	celebrities	noting	president	chen	shuibian	occasions	expressed	goodwill	mainland	china	tsai	long	beijing	leaders	carefully	mull	significance	chen's	statements	crossstrait	affairs	china	issue	opportunities	sides	resume	talks	depends	mainland	china	interprets	president	chen's	latest	remarks	crossstrait	relations	sides	cultivate	environment	favorable	resumption	longstalled	dialogue	tsai	explained	meeting	committee	delegation	monday	president	chen	china	issue	discussed	future	mainland	china	chen	china	precondition	talks	time	taipei	beijing	reached	mutually	acceptable	meaning	term	wisdom	creativity	chen	told	visiting	members	overseas	chinese	group	socalled	china	originally	problem	republic	china	constitution	problem	socalled	china	principle	cherished	beijing	republic	china	vanish	guardian	roc	sovereignty	dignity	security	accept	principle	tsai	crossstrait	dialogue	expected	resume	overnight	sides	forge	mutual	trust	work	procedures	ensure	talks	conducted	solid	basis	tsai	noted	view	tsai	sides	endeavoring	prevent	results	taiwan's	parliamentary	local	government	chief	elections	affecting	stability	crossstrait	relations	tsai	spokesman	mainland	china's	taiwan	affairs	office	failed	give	positive	response	taiwan's	goodwill	posttaiwan	election	news	conference	appeared	fully	aware	importance	maintaining	stability	taiwan	strait	nation's	top	mainland	policy	planner	assured	guests	government's	policy	mainland	china	remain	unchanged	ruling	democratic	progressive	party	emerged	legislative	elections	island's	largest	party	legislative	yuan	time	tsai	left	united	states	tuesday	evening	american	scholars	politicians	taiwan's	political	situation	policy	direction	wake	dec	elections
234--------------
topic:	36	taiwan	beijing	china	president	tang	wang	visits	relationship	arms	washington
file label:taiwan
beijing	march	afp	china's	foreign	minister	wednesday	pledged	expand	constructive	cooperative	relations	united	states	notably	conciliatory	performance	annual	gettogether	media	ready	work	side	narrow	differences	expand	common	ground	increase	exchanges	promote	cooperation	order	push	constructive	cooperative	ties	foreign	minister	tang	jiaxuan	told	journalists	press	conference	sidelines	current	full	session	parliament	annual	opportunity	present	china's	foreign	policy	objectives	world	tang	largely	steered	clear	subjects	beijing	washington	disagree	perennially	divisive	issue	taiwan	raised	reporters	offered	mild	routine	criticism	policy	island	china	firmly	opposed	taiwan	affairs	act	mandates	law	defense	taiwan	forms	basis	arms	sales	island	tang	called	washington	uphold	socalled	china	policy	centrepiece	beijing's	dealings	taiwan	categorises	island	inalienable	part	mainland	territory	failed	specifically	condemn	washington's	arms	sales	taipei	stressed	taiwan	remained	crucial	issue	emphasize	taiwan	question	remains	sensitive	important	issue	core	sinous	relationship	sinous	ties	greatly	improved	beijing	backed	fight	global	terrorism	bombing	campaign	terrorist	targets	afghanistan	september	terrorist	attacks	united	states	tone	tang's	press	conference	markedly	year's	equivalent	event	roundly	criticised	united	states	arms	sales	taiwan	sinous	relations	dip	month	crisis	collision	surveillance	plane	chinese	fighter	jet	south	china	sea	tang	conceded	twists	turns	president	george	bush's	accession	presidency	early	year	relationship	improved	bush's	visits	china	october	month	president	jiang	president	bush	held	important	meeting	shanghai	october	agreed	countries	work	build	constructive	cooperative	relationship	important	consensus	tang	asked	antiterror	alliance	meant	good	relations	country	based	purely	expediency	tang	disagreed	cooperation	longterm	china	seek	improve	relationship	visits	president	jiang	zemin	vice	president	hu	jintao	washington	year	tang	announced	liu	jieyi	director	general	chinese	foreign	ministry	section	charge	arms	control	washington	talks	weapons	proliferation	issues	global	security	accusations	china's	alleged	proliferation	weapons	mass	destruction	long	countered	beijing	loud	opposition	weapon	sales	taiwan	grim	complicated	post	september	international	order	china	maintained	peace	stability	development	remained	main	themes	characterizing	world	environment	tang
235--------------
topic:	72	states	president	government	united	chien	evil	argentina's	policies	bush	foreign
file label:taiwan
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	taipei	feb	cna	minister	foreign	affairs	eugene	chien	monday	expect	surprise	developments	president	george	bush's	visit	mainland	china	week	united	states	briefed	main	purposes	bush's	asia	tour	departure	repeatedly	guaranteed	taiwan's	interests	sacrificed	bush's	trip	chien	told	news	conference	bush	arrived	japan	sunday	start	threenation	asia	tour	south	korea	mainland	china	noting	bush's	visit	asiapacific	area	attendance	annual	informal	leadership	meeting	asiapacific	economic	cooperation	forum	october	chien	ministry	foreign	affairs	mofa	keeping	close	tabs	current	trip	chien	government	set	special	task	force	facilitate	communications	united	states	analyze	relevant	developments	task	force	working	clock	monitor	bush's	visit	japan	south	korea	mainland	china	added	minister	communication	channels	taiwan	united	states	operating	smoothly	mofa	fully	grasp	developments	hope	people	calm	nervous	chien	appreciated	statements	bush	prior	departure	taiwan	friend	united	states	taiwan	strait	issue	resolved	peacefully	chien	republic	china	government	hopes	united	states	continue	play	role	promoter	stabilizer	balancer	crossstrait	relations	view	chien	main	purpose	bush's	current	asia	visit	promote	world	peace	security	bush	hopes	advantage	trip	forge	consensus	allies	asiapacific	area	administration's	fight	terrorism	proliferation	nuclear	weapons	bush	expected	discuss	bilateral	security	cooperation	japan's	economic	reforms	financial	aid	afghanistan	talks	japanese	prime	minister	junichiro	koizumi	trip	seoul	chien	bush	expected	exchange	views	south	korean	leaders	arms	procurement	policies	north	korea	topics	touched	bush's	talks	beijing	leaders	agenda	include	mainland	china's	agricultural	market	opening	religious	freedom	human	rights	condition	missile	shield	taiwan	strait	issues	chien	noted
236--------------
topic:	25	taiwan	china	bush	bush's	trip	chang	visit	support	china's	relations
file label:taiwan
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	taipei	feb	cna	relations	taiwan	united	states	increasingly	harmonious	close	president	george	bush	office	bush's	current	mainland	visit	affect	twoway	ties	presidential	aide	thursday	secretarygeneral	presidential	office	chen	shihmeng	repeatedly	assured	taiwan	bush	stick	commitments	protect	taiwan	damage	taiwan's	interests	visiting	mainland	china	chen	main	purpose	bush's	mainland	trip	beijing	cooperation	usled	antiterrorist	war	year's	sept	terror	attacks	washington	york	chang	shiaoyue	spokeswoman	ministry	foreign	affairs	reiterated	united	states	briefed	taiwan	bush's	mainland	visit	departure	clear	trip	hurt	taiwan's	interests	added	ministry	set	task	force	monitor	developments	deal	contingencies
237--------------
topic:	119	taiwan	bush	china	beijing	island	washington	taipei	states	president	united
file label:taiwan
beijing	feb	afp	president	george	bush	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	thursday	carefully	played	countries	glaring	differences	taiwan	leader's	visit	beijing	scrupulously	avoided	combative	talk	issue	consistent	source	tension	countries	decades	bush	arrived	china	thursday	morning	united	states	hoped	peaceful	settlement	tensions	china	taiwan	stressed	washington's	policy	island	altered	position	government	changed	years	bush	reassured	hosts	peaceful	settlement	issue	bush	reiterated	support	taiwan	relations	act	united	states	committed	providing	island	means	defend	thinly	veiled	message	leaders	taipei	urge	provocation	bush's	comments	appeared	designed	reassure	beijing	washington	shifted	longstanding	policy	avoiding	making	explicit	commitment	taiwan's	defence	china	invade	tone	contrasted	sharply	mood	year	bush	signed	biggest	arms	sales	taiwan	decade	sales	angered	beijing	fuelled	concern	washington's	tougher	stance	encourage	taiwan	declare	formal	independence	bush's	comments	pleased	taiwan's	government	pronounced	satisfied	thanked	bush	backing	press	conference	showed	result	discussions	match	forecast	taiwanese	foreign	minister	eugene	chien	voiced	gratitude	bush	honored	commitment	taipei	asian	trip	bush	japan	south	korea	taiwan's	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	bush's	departure	asia	washington	assured	taipei	interests	harmed	officials	voiced	concern	china	secure	concessions	taiwan	return	supporting	bush	issues	antiterrorism	prevention	nuclear	arms	proliferation	comments	press	conference	jiang	avoided	areas	contention	taiwan	split	mainland	communist	victory	china's	civil	war	properly	handle	taiwan	question	vital	stability	growth	chinaus	relations	jiang	meeting	president	bush	elaborated	chinese	government's	basic	position	peaceful	reunification	country	systems	solution	taiwan	question	country	systems	beijing's	proposal	reunify	taiwan	allowing	island	autonomy	similar	arrangement	hong	kong	return	chinese	rule	taiwan	thursday	called	china	reopen	rapprochement	talks	premier	yu	shyikun	asked	chinese	leaders	set	differences	island	engage	talks	aftermath	entries	world	trade	organisation	wto	beijing	reopen	talks	taipei	taiwanese	government	embraces	definition	china	taiwan	considered	part	territory	rejected	taiwan's	proindependence	president	chen	shuibian	dialogue	taiwan	straits	frozen	office
238--------------
topic:	119	taiwan	bush	china	beijing	island	washington	taipei	states	president	united
file label:taiwan
taipei	feb	afp	taiwan	foreign	minister	eugene	chien	thursday	hailed	president	george	bush	trading	island's	interests	beijing	chien	closeddoor	meeting	bush	chinese	counterpart	jiang	zemin	suggested	remained	differences	tackled	taiwan	issue	chien	press	conference	showed	result	discussions	match	forecast	chien	voiced	gratitude	bush	honored	commitment	pledged	taipei	asian	trip	japan	south	korea	taiwan's	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	bush's	departure	asia	washington	assured	taipei	interests	harmed	taiwan's	foreign	ministry	set	ad	hoc	group	monitor	trip	aroundtheclock	report	president	chen	shuibian	taipei's	de	facto	embassy	washington	similar	task	chien	hoped	washington	continue	enhance	ties	taipei	seeking	mend	fences	beijing	bush	arrived	china	thursday	morning	united	states	hoped	peaceful	settlement	tensions	china	taiwan	stressed	washington's	policy	island	altered	position	government	changed	years	bush	peaceful	settlement	issue	bush	reiterated	support	taiwan	relations	act	united	states	committed	providing	island	means	defend	beijing	repeatedly	threatened	taiwan	force	island	declare	formal	independence	speech	japanese	diet	parliament	tuesday	bush	continue	support	allies	asia	pacific	region	continue	show	american	power	purpose	support	philippines	australia	thailand	america	remember	commitments	people	taiwan	elaborating
239--------------
topic:	151	taiwan	united	taiwan's	china	states	japan	missiles	president	independence	forces
file label:taiwan
president	bush	visiting	japan	south	korea	follow	visit	china	bush	clinton	damage	taiwan's	interests	receiving	deep	concern	quarters	protection	taiwan's	interests	usjapan	alliance	structure	strong	president	bush	visits	china	japanese	naval	strategy	expert	kawamura	sumihiko	missile	expert	sato	mamoru	exclusively	interviewed	reporter	newspaper	reiterated	importance	taiwan's	strategic	position	time	put	views	regard	situation	taiwan	strait	kawamura	japan	taiwan	exporting	nations	stable	ocean	traffic	absolute	necessity	year	approximately	billion	tons	goods	passed	world's	oceans	passed	sea	areas	southern	china	transported	japan	sea	areas	taiwan	traffic	taiwan's	seas	extremely	important	japan	taiwan	part	china	taiwan's	sea	areas	threatened	china	process	actively	expanding	maritime	nation	purpose	ensure	resources	lives	population	billion	people	china	nation	abide	international	rules	reason	inevitably	conflicts	ocean	circumstances	taiwan	japan	recognize	important	role	navy	question	appraisal	taiwan's	navy	kawamura	frankly	speaking	taiwan's	navy	worrisome	antisubmarine	combat	strength	extremely	style	naval	aircraft	compared	japan	possibly	years	torpedo	strength	insufficient	navy's	problems	large	submarine	attached	naval	base	embellishment	fundamentally	accomplish	taiwan	effort	augment	naval	combat	strength	taiwanus	arms	sale	negotiations	early	warning	aircraft	helicopter	taiwan	requests	purchase	suitable	taiwan's	intelligence	exchange	system	extremely	important	inferior	aegis	destroyer	question	united	states	sell	aegis	destroyers	taiwan	kawamura	reasons	united	states	aegis	destroyers	taiwan	united	states	considered	taiwan's	armed	forces	armed	forces	nationalist	party	armed	forces	nation	nationalization	armed	forces	lee	tenghui	li	tenghui	loyal	attitude	armed	forces	chen	shuibian	ch'en	shuipien	office	gradually	allowed	united	states	feel	ease	japan	united	states	recognized	reality	united	states	japan	taiwan	situated	kind	virtual	alliance	reckon	stage	united	states	provide	aegis	destroyer	taiwan	republican	party	china	taiwan	wait	question	china's	true	threat	taiwan	sato	china's	threat	taiwan	methods	missiles	amphibious	landing	submarine	blockades	method	missiles	threaten	taiwan	psychologically	question	taiwan	respond	china's	missile	threat	sato	gave	speech	issue	taiwan	taiwan	people	purposely	play	china's	force	scare	taiwan	chinese	people's	liberation	army	fired	missiles	taiwan	kind	propaganda	war	united	states	attacked	afghanistan	explained	reasons	nation	world	china	missiles	attack	taiwan	simple	china	common	warheads	holes	taiwan	warheads	biological	weapons	china	means	justify	international	public	opinion	world	war	germany	fired	missiles	england	england	surrender	yugoslavia	fired	missiles	kosovo	kosovo	surrender	issue	question	significance	taiwan	united	states	japan	jointly	researching	tmd	theater	missile	defense	system	technology	sato	incident	united	states	keener	developing	tmd	taiwan	important	united	states	taiwan's	strategic	position	possibility	tmd	antimissile	system	covering	taiwan	future	great	taiwan's	patriot	missiles	effective	guided	missiles	reckon	probability	war	occurring	china	taiwan	smaller	small	peaceful	methods	resolve	taiwan	issue	reckon	usjapan	summit	talks	discuss	issue	shores	taiwan	announcing	independence	world	variable	taiwan	announcing	independence	problem	taiwan	announcing	independence	bring	unrest	domino	effect	occur	regard	tibet	xinjiang	china's	greatest	fear	difference	taiwan	announcing	independence	world	current	situation	taiwan	announce	independence	problem	taiwan	attachments	tysp	feb
240--------------
topic:	101	zhang	chinese	taiwan	sinous	china's	china	communiques	relations	states	united
file label:taiwan
beijing	march	xinhua	china	urged	united	states	thursday	abide	china	policy	warning	act	trample	sinous	joint	communiques	result	unfavorable	impact	relations	countries	question	taiwan	relates	china's	sovereignty	territorial	integrity	essential	important	issue	heart	sinous	relations	chinese	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	zhang	qiyue	china	hopes	united	states	spirit	sinous	joint	communiques	zhang	remarks	news	briefing	response	question	taiwan	official	tang	yiaumin's	visit	united	states	zhang	replied	chinese	vice	foreign	minister	li	zhaoxing	put	china's	stand	matter	making	strong	representations	government	hope	united	states	treats	matter	seriousness	deserves	president	bush's	working	visit	china	month	state	leaders	countries	agreed	chinese	president	jiang	zemin	vice	president	hu	jintao	visit	united	states	year	month	bush's	visit	spirit	sinous	joint	communiques	zhu	side	stop	interfering	china's	internal	affairs	interfering	taiwan	issue
241--------------
topic:	25	taiwan	china	bush	bush's	trip	chang	visit	support	china's	relations
file label:taiwan
state	visit	president	good	reviews	political	experts	refusing	restate	nos	declining	endorse	peaceful	reunification	president	george	bush	wrapped	sixday	visit	asia	yesterday	analysts	gave	thumbs	determination	voice	firm	support	taiwan	pressure	china	felt	gratified	relieved	watching	bush	stick	principles	issue	taiwan	concessions	meetings	chinese	leaders	beijing	cheng	tuanyao	research	fellow	institute	international	relations	national	chengchi	university	trips	china	presidents	produced	agreements	statements	damaged	taiwan's	interests	bush's	visit	enhanced	nation's	confidence	administration	cheng	bush	correct	step	spurning	predecessor's	appeasement	china	notably	restate	socalled	nos	policy	dpp	legislator	parris	chang	chang	hsuch'eng	bush's	remarks	taiwan	twoday	trip	beijing	concluded	yesterday	afternoon	president	bill	clinton	agitated	taiwan	gave	socalled	nos	speech	visit	china	nos	include	support	independent	taiwan	recognition	chinas	china	separate	taiwan	support	taiwan's	entry	international	organizations	require	members	states	bush	forthcoming	stating	commitment	defend	taiwan	force	china	chang	specialist	international	relations	bush	reitered	desire	peaceful	settlement	taiwan	issue	times	trip	beijing	president	declined	endorse	china's	version	peaceful	unification	taiwan	china	reflecting	longstanding	position	crossstrait	relations	analysts	term	reunification	american	position	relations	taiwan	china	openended	chang	communiques	committed	peaceful	reunification	added	china's	vice	foreign	minister	li	zhaoxing	speech	washington	earlier	month	urged	support	peaceful	unification	bush's	refusal	respond	similar	push	student	yesterday	questionandanswer	session	talk	tsinghua	university	showed	president	stuck	existing	policy	analysts	cheng	pointed	implications	bush's	remarks	missile	defense	bush	missiledefense	system	protect	friends	allies	countries	massive	destructive	capabilities	mention	taiwan	implication	remark	taiwan	excluded	cheng	bush	taiwan	good	friend	weekly	radio	address	public	aired	week	hours	departure	asia	bush's	mention	times	taiwan	relations	act	law	pledged	supply	taiwan	defensive	weapons	needed	fend	chinese	attack	reflected	firm	support	taiwan	analysts	china	highlight	accentuate	taiwan	issue	bush's	trip	china	agenda	rested	antiterrorism	china's	proliferation	arms	sale	countries	iran	pakistan	chang	argued	bush	concluded	trip	asia	yesterday	clear	china	failed	elicit	statement	nos	opposition	taiwanese	independence	chang	rising	concerns	china's	military	expansion	appreciation	taipei's	support	usled	war	terrorism	drove	bush	stand	firm	support	taiwan	dpp	legislator	pentagon's	quadrennial	defense	review	issued	september	highlighted	rising	chinese	threat	testimony	cia	director	senate	china's	military	modernization	indicative	bush	administration's	perception	china	growing	threat	national	security	reports	bush	administration	china's	rising	military	threat	clinton's	administration	forthcoming	voicing	support	taiwan	chang	fresh	trip	washington	government	officials	highlighted	taiwan's	contribution	war	terrorism	chang	small	country	stood	critical	moment	appreciated	reciprocated
242--------------
topic:	137	taiwan	united	states	mainland	china	kao	chen	meeting	strait	roc
file label:taiwan
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	san	francisco	april	cna	current	relations	republic	china	united	states	unprecedented	good	shape	de	facto	roc	ambassador	washington	dc	las	vegas	monday	united	states	switched	diplomatic	recognition	taipei	beijing	roc	representative	united	states	chen	chienjen	substantive	taiwanus	relations	close	present	time	chen	remarks	luncheon	honor	directors	supervisors	world	federation	taiwanese	chambers	commerce	wftcc	meeting	las	vegas	chen	cited	events	positive	optimistic	views	rocus	relations	including	concerns	security	taiwan	strait	continued	quantitative	qualitative	increases	arms	sales	taiwan	upgrading	highlevel	engagement	explicit	support	white	house	department	health	human	services	taiwan's	participation	world	health	organization	view	chen	firmer	support	taiwan	partly	stems	recognition	island's	remarkable	progress	democratization	liberalization	noting	sides	taiwan	strait	admitted	world	trade	organization	wto	chen	taiwan	mainland	china	engage	constructive	interactions	wto	framework	chen	taiwan	conduct	trade	economic	exchanges	wto	members	principles	equality	fairness	reciprocity	current	wftcc	meeting	focused	discussions	pool	resources	wisdom	taiwan	businesspeople	world	expand	share	world	market	promote	taiwan's	bid	join	chen	admires	taiwan	businesspeople's	patriotism	contribution	taiwan's	resident	countries	economic	development	years	representatives	taiwanese	chambers	commerce	countries	continents	attending	wftcc	meeting	roc	deputy	representative	united	states	tsai	minghsian	chang	fumei	chairwoman	overseas	chinese	affairs	commission	attending
243--------------
topic:	65	chen	taiwan's	taiwan	united	states	wto	lash	trade	world	taipei
file label:taiwan
selected	disseminated	fbis	editorial	taipei	jan	cna	republic	china	president	chen	shuibian	expressed	hope	wednesday	united	states	taiwan's	bid	observer	status	world	health	organization	assistance	taiwan's	world	trade	organization	wto	membership	bid	chen	remarks	meeting	visiting	assistant	secretary	commerce	market	access	compliance	william	lash	iii	presidential	office	wednesday	lash	arrived	taipei	tuesday	fourday	visit	chen	expressed	hope	united	states	negotiate	taiwan	sign	free	trade	zone	agreement	countries	taiwan's	internalization	give	international	responsibility	expressed	gratitude	admiration	united	states	firm	support	taiwan	maintaining	security	taiwan	strait	peace	asiapacific	region	pointed	president	george	bush's	decision	sell	arms	taiwan	april	avoid	imbalance	crossstrait	military	force	hand	safeguard	taiwan's	democratic	achievements	touching	taiwan's	wto	entry	chen	taiwan	smoothly	entered	wto	united	states	government	congress	render	firm	support	taiwan's	bid	membership	taiwan's	wto	access	taiwan	window	world	window	century	window	opportunity	adding	taiwan	upgrade	competitiveness	ustaiwan	trade	relations	lash	return	congratulated	chen	taiwan's	wto	entry	visit	shows	united	states	attaches	great	importance	ustaiwan	trade	relations	taiwan's	wto	entry	conclusion	goal	beginning	chance	play	important	role	world	lash	adding	united	states	continue	taiwan	realize	wto	expectations	congratulated	chen	ruling	democratic	progressive	party	biggest	political	party	legislative	yuan	december's	legislative	election	lash	expressed	gratitude	chen	assistance	rendered	taiwan	united	states	wake	sept	terrorist	attacks	united	states	participation	postwar	reconstruction	afghanistan
244--------------
topic:	67	taiwan	china	united	states	defense	remarks	relations	official	zhang	president
file label:taiwan
beijing	april	afp	china	thursday	slammed	increasingly	close	ties	united	states	taiwan	demanding	official	exchanges	weapons	sales	continual	sale	arms	united	states	upgrading	relations	taiwan	lead	tensions	straits	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	zhang	qiyue	demand	strictly	abide	commitments	china	correct	erroneous	acts	remarks	avoid	harm	chinaus	relations	zhang	expressed	alarm	washington's	announcement	wednesday	defense	department	officials	visit	taiwan	discuss	sale	diesel	electric	submarines	china	resolutely	opposed	form	official	exchanges	military	intercourse	united	states	taiwan	zhang	taiwan	issue	important	sensitive	issue	core	sinous	relations	biweekly	ministry	briefing	military	tensions	taiwan	strait	selfinterests	united	states	warned	refused	confirm	april	visit	chinese	vice	president	hu	jintao	washington	reported	hong	kong	press	visit	beijing	widely	expected	centered	china's	dissatisfaction	taiwan	issue	china	considered	taiwan	renegade	province	threatened	bring	force	continues	indefinitely	refuse	proposals	peaceful	reunification	beijing	long	refused	establish	diplomatic	relations	nation	maintains	official	contact	taiwan	encouraged	economic	exchanges	taiwan	nations	zhang	bashed	remarks	month	deputy	defense	secretary	paul	wolfowitz	meeting	florida	attended	visiting	taiwanese	defense	minister	tang	yaoming	united	states	committed	takes	taiwan	defend	wolfowitz	echoing	president	george	bush's	remarks	office	year	position	clear	continued	support	taiwan	independence	oppose	force	wolfowitz	expressed	concern	china's	continuing	deployment	forces	tactical	missiles	areas	straits	taiwan	officials	denied	wolfowitz's	remarks	reflected	change	policy	taiwan	zhang	remarks	official	violation	commitments	taiwan	interference	china	internal	affairs	china	firmly	opposed	remarks	chinese	missile	tests	taiwan	resulted	washington	deploying	aircraft	carrier	battle	groups	region
245--------------
topic:	101	zhang	chinese	taiwan	sinous	china's	china	communiques	relations	states	united
file label:taiwan
beijing	april	xinhua	taiwan	issue	purely	china's	internal	affair	country	world	interfere	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	zhang	qiyue	response	claims	highranking	military	official	needed	protect	taiwan	remarks	violated	commitments	government	sinous	joint	communiques	zhang	adding	remarks	ulterior	motives	interfered	china's	internal	affairs	zhang	stressed	history	repeatedly	proved	arms	sales	taiwan	elevation	ustaiwan	relations	incite	separatists	attempts	split	taiwan	mainland	lead	deterioration	taiwan	straits	situation	boiled	jeopardy	interests	spokeswoman	urged	strictly	abide	commitments	chinese	government	chinese	people	stop	wrong	actions	avoid	damage	sinous	relations	taiwan	issue	core	sinous	relations	reiterated	zhang	emphasizing	measures	remarks	ran	sinous	joint	communiques	undermine	sinous	relations	hope	behaves	strictly	abide	sinous	communiques	stop	taiwan	issue	interfere	china's	internal	affairs	zhang
246--------------
topic:	80	states	united	countries	korea	world	south	treaty	events	september	china
file label:taiwan
taipei	sept	afp	taiwan	president	chen	shuibian	wednesday	reiterated	taipei's	full	support	united	states	washington	prepared	launch	reprisals	afghanistan	behalf	government	people	republic	china	taiwan's	official	extend	full	support	george	bush	administration	decision	act	terrorists	chen	meeting	oregon	governor	john	kitzhaber	taiwan	stand	idly	attacks	challenge	disruption	peace	mankind	chen	statement	released	presidential	office	roc	government	government	firmly	chen	voiced	condolences	families	thousands	americans	killed	hijacked	planes	plunged	york	world	trade	center	pentagon	september	chen's	remarks	massing	forces	launch	reprisals	afghanistan	prime	suspect	usama	bin	laden	believed	hiding	taiwan's	foreign	minister	tien	hungmao	vowed	fighting	terrorism	taiwan	option	lack	diplomatic	ties	taipei	washington	inauguration	year	bush	backpedalled	predecessor	bill	clinton's	policy	engagement	china	april	bush	approved	biggest	arms	package	taiwan	washington	remained	biggest	arms	supplier	taiwan	switching	diplomatic	recognition	taipei	beijing
247--------------
topic:	31	israel	state	palestinian	palestinians	process	region	time	government	existence	israeli
file label:venezuela
fall	rise	hugo	chavez	washington	times	april	pg	fall	rise	hugo	chavez	venezuela	dust	finally	settling	dramatic	turbulence	weeks	president	hugo	chavez	helm	power	military	returned	barracks	grieving	venezuelans	peace	loved	gunned	sympathizers	chavez	subsequently	supporters	shortlived	interim	government	chavez	ousted	military	coup	april	persons	killed	antichavez	protest	apparently	sharpshooters	faithful	president	pedro	carmona	powerful	businessman	stepped	power	friday	forced	resign	day	coup	persons	chavez	supporters	killed	protesting	probe	transpired	offing	chavez	cronies	democratic	institution	congress	courts	expected	prevent	honest	inquiry	chavez	appears	complicit	initial	wave	killings	taped	radio	conversations	broadcast	yesterday	venezuela	radio	television	chavez	ordered	tanks	troops	surround	presidential	palace	unarmed	civilian	protesters	marched	april	chavez	administration	ordered	deployment	prevent	public	order	disturbances	death	toll	chavez's	claims	flimsy	unfortunate	venezuela	hemisphere's	secondoldest	democracy	time	democracy	losing	currency	countries	argentina	coups	potentially	destabilizing	region	happy	collectively	overcome	era	coup	d'etats	region	events	venezuela	appearance	military	coup	reaction	brazil's	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	cardoso's	concerns	valid	downplayed	chavez's	alarming	faults	venezuelan	leader	struck	friendships	cuban	libyan	iraqi	leaders	great	fanfare	open	defiance	interests	wooed	venezuelans	wary	power	muscleflexing	chavez	offer	venezuelan	people	choked	foreign	investment	doubling	royalty	payments	oil	companies	pay	government	restricting	corporate	ownership	oil	projects	percent	alienated	workers	country's	stateowned	oil	company	petroleos	de	venezuela	replacing	longserving	professionals	supporters	fact	chavez	consolidated	power	rewriting	country's	constitution	interestingly	chavez	initially	rose	power	discontent	president	carlos	andres	perez	ordered	military	shoot	crowds	time	voluntarily	give	power	term	investigation	massacre	april	called
248--------------
topic:	109	chavez	carmona	caracas	april	presidential	strike	venezuela's	leaders	chavez's	people
file label:venezuela
days	shook	venezuela	caracas	afp	main	events	crisis	shook	venezuela	days	people	killed	injured	tuesday	april	venezuela's	largest	trade	union	joins	strike	managers	country's	massive	staterun	oil	company	demanding	resignation	board	directors	appointed	president	hugo	chavez	wednesday	april	union	leaders	extend	strike	hours	call	chavez's	response	demands	strike	indefinite	oil	exports	account	cent	venezuela's	foreign	revenues	threatened	strike	stops	production	country's	major	refineries	thursday	april	people	including	business	union	leaders	mass	demand	chavez's	resignation	government	urges	supporters	chavez	chavez	orders	suspension	broadcasts	private	television	networks	opposed	progovernment	opposition	demonstrators	face	caracas	people	killed	wounded	group	top	military	officials	declare	opposition	chavez	leading	military	officials	chavez	government	resign	friday	april	army	commander	general	efrain	vazquez	announces	chavez	resign	business	leader	pedro	carmona	replaces	chavez	president	dissolves	national	assembly	dismisses	supreme	court	revokes	controversial	chavez	decrees	announces	presidential	elections	year	latin	american	leaders	meeting	costa	rica	trade	summit	denounce	venezuela's	breakdown	constitutional	order	saturday	april	washington	organization	american	states	prepared	apply	venezuela	charter	requiring	sanctions	member	abandons	democracy	prochavez	rioting	breaks	caracas	parts	country	commander	venezuela's	paratrooper	brigade	chavez's	unit	refuses	recognise	orders	interim	government	chavez	transferred	army	base	caracas	island	orchila	caribbean	sea	thousands	chavez	supporters	march	presidential	palace	carmona	takes	refuge	tiuna	fort	southwest	caracas	top	military	leaders	support	carmona	conditional	respecting	democratic	institutions	allowing	chavez	leave	venezuela	freely	carmona	announces	restoration	national	assembly	chavez	cabinet	members	move	presidential	palace	hold	meeting	carmona	resigns	interim	presidency	chavez's	vicepresident	diosdado	cabello	takes	acting	president	carmona	arrested	cabinet	general	staff	cabello	promises	restore	constitutional	order	sunday	chavez	leaves	orchila	island	aboard	helicopter	heads	caracas	chavez	officially	retakes	presidency	emotional	presidential	palace	ceremony	gmt	calls	peace	calm	unity	country	emergency	workers	total	people	killed	injured	rioting	country	thursday
249--------------
topic:	68	government	chavez	chavez's	military	carmona	venezuela	thursday	president	interim	officials
file label:venezuela
venezuela's	chief	forced	resign	civilian	installed	caracas	venezuela	april	transitional	government	headed	leading	businessman	replaced	president	hugo	chavez	today	hours	military	officers	forced	resign	sudden	turbulent	threeyear	reign	mercurial	strongman	elected	promises	distance	country	united	states	uprooting	venezuela's	social	order	chavez	firebrand	populist	remake	venezuela	benefit	poor	obligated	resign	meeting	military	officers	today	large	street	protests	thursday	people	killed	gunmen	identified	supporters	early	morning	chavez	military	fatigues	trademark	red	beret	leftleaning	movement	driven	fort	tiuna	army	base	caracas	reported	custody	pedro	carmona	estanga	head	venezuela's	important	business	association	installed	interim	president	ceremony	pm	promised	government	adhere	pluralistic	vision	democratic	civil	ensuring	implementation	law	state	law	elections	held	year	officials	bush	administration	laid	blame	chavez's	overthrow	firmly	ousted	leader	officials	portrayed	ouster	victory	democracy	chavez	legitimately	elected	president	action	encouraged	chavez	government	provoked	crisis	ari	fleischer	white	house	spokesman	chavez	government	added	suppressed	peaceful	demonstration	fired	unarmed	protesters	latin	american	leaders	summit	meeting	costa	rica	criticized	chavez's	ouster	interruption	constitutional	order	army	paratrooper	won	office	chavez	presided	stormy	era	seized	control	legislature	confronted	oldline	political	elite	steered	country	alliance	cuba	carmona	president	fedecairas	business	association	early	today	chavez	presented	resignation	spoke	flanked	military	officers	rebelled	chavez	thursday	night	day	general	strike	called	opponents	streets	sprawling	capital	opponents	government	streets	early	morning	hours	honking	horns	waving	gold	blue	red	venezuelan	flag	el	universal	leading	newspaper	hailed	words	interim	government	quickly	moved	undo	chavez's	policies	dissolving	national	assembly	controlled	supporters	firing	members	supreme	court	changing	country's	official	republic	venezuela	chavez	renamed	country	bolivarian	republic	venezuela	addition	interim	government	repealed	economic	laws	passed	chavezcontrolled	national	assembly	year	legislation	business	leaders	feared	damage	economy	pledging	hold	presidential	elections	days	officials	carmona	leader	protest	movement	chavez	run	carmona	named	ministers	including	activeduty	military	officers	rebelled	chavez	thursday	night	named	retired	brig	gen	guaicaipuro	lameda	head	petrs	de	venezuela	huge	stateowned	oil	company	exports	oil	united	states	chavez	fired	lameda	february	appointed	leftleaning	ally	place	board	members	close	government	enraging	thousands	office	workers	company	carmona	operations	return	normal	oil	company	crippled	office	production	workers	began	staging	work	slowdowns	week	protest	venezuelan	society	reached	consensus	find	necessitated	transitional	government	guarantees	reestablishment	democracy	carmona	told	reporters	carmona	transitional	government	formed	consensus	civil	society	military	cuba	called	changeover	coup	urged	countries	distance	government	president	fidel	castro	chavez	formed	close	friendship	interim	government	today	ended	chavez's	policy	offering	oil	cuba	terms	favorable	havana	chavez's	daughter	margabriela	speaking	interview	state	television	cuba	father	resigned	phone	conversation	friday	morning	fell	power	told	jailed	president	attorney	general	isa	rodrez	chavez	resigned	forced	military	officers	president	vicente	fox	mexico	strong	stand	country	recognize	venezuela's	government	elections	held	diplomatic	relations	countries	continue	american	officials	praised	venezuelan	military	police	defying	chavez	television	stations	media	outlets	continued	function	government	orders	shut	express	solidarity	venezuelan	people	working	democratic	forces	venezuela	ensure	full	exercise	democratic	rights	philip	reeker	state	department	spokesman	government	focused	clearing	events	leading	violence	thursday	afternoon	remembering	fallen	searching	responsible	chavez's	interior	minister	ramodrez	chac	custody	police	strong	chavez	supporter	freddy	bernal	mayor	district	caracas	security	forces	searched	homes	members	bolivarian	circles	neighborhood	groups	formed	chavez's	government	accused	interim	government	responsibility	shootings	television	broadcasts	thursday	showed	men	plainclothes	firing	semiautomatic	handguns	bridge	busy	street	downtown	caracas	crowd	assailants	people	red	berets	tshirts	bearing	chavez's	movement	carmona	justice	families	killed	promised	receive	government	benefits	carmona's	pressing	tasks	assuage	concerns	countries	chavez's	reign	ended	deal	polarization	rich	poor	divides	country	analysts	familiar	venezuela	goal	successors	effectively	tackle	pressing	socioeconomic	issues	brought	chavez	power	popular	support	russell	crandall	latin	america	specialist	davidson	college	north	carolina	chavez	problems	venezuela	wrong	solutions	venezuelan	people	clear	copyright	york	times	company
250--------------
topic:	39	space	station	russian	truss	mission	docking	walk	control	cosmonauts	rail
file label:venezuela
veni	vidi	venezuela	fighting	tyranny	tyranny	work	oilgiant	venezuela	week	coupplotting	military	officers	reinstalled	president	hugo	chavez	show	latin	america	tyrannical	tactics	president	chavez	army	coupmeister	elected	years	abused	popular	mandate	heavyhanded	measures	based	constitution	largely	rewritten	supporters	talked	remaining	president	year	economic	promises	poor	shreds	diplomatic	flirtation	leftist	world	dictators	hints	inclinations	gain	power	latin	america	moved	coups	pivotal	nation	hemisphere	democracies	means	remove	chavez	constitutional	nonviolent	means	twoday	removal	office	began	stack	board	stateowned	oil	company	favor	company's	executives	revolted	threatening	cutoff	oil	catalyst	pentup	opposition	chavez	business	groups	labor	unions	joined	giant	protest	knowing	portions	military	side	gunshots	fired	march	presidential	palace	thursday	killing	dozen	military	leaders	forced	chavez	step	international	pressure	renewed	domestic	support	chavez	forced	generals	office	bush	administration	welcomed	coup	tarnishing	role	champion	democracy	reason	repent	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
251--------------
topic:	131	chavez	chavez's	country	venezuelans	venezuela	hugo	left	paratroopers	people	general
file label:venezuela
venezuela's	dawn	bbc	correspondent	caracas	venezuelans	awoke	friday	country	transformed	dramatic	violent	events	hours	left	people	dead	injured	general	strike	escalating	oil	industry	stoppage	threatened	cripple	country's	economy	country	president	business	leader	pedro	carmona	country	longer	bolivarian	republic	venezuela	honour	south	american	independence	hero	simon	bolivar	president	hugo	chavez's	heroes	simply	republic	venezuela	change	carmona's	act	head	transition	government	announce	threeday	general	strike	called	head	confederation	venezuelan	workers	ctv	leader	carlos	ortega	support	protesting	managers	state	oil	company	pdvsa	shellshocked	managers	striking	chavez	filled	company's	board	directors	supporters	announcement	traffic	lighter	normal	friday	venezuelans	turn	work	country	shellshock	thursday	peaceful	rally	middle	class	venezuelans	ended	bloodshed	marchers	called	chavez's	resignation	miraflores	presidential	palace	shots	fired	crowd	eyewitness	euridice	ledesma	snipers	fired	marchers	rooftops	palace	film	footage	caught	armed	supporters	chavez	firing	indiscriminately	marchers	army	chief	general	efrain	vasquez	bolivarian	groups	armed	horrible	groups	shooting	defenceless	people	photographer	luis	gomez	chavez's	day	time	chavez	addressing	nation	assure	government	respected	people's	demonstrate	freedom	press	moments	announced	national	television	channels	air	telling	lies	government	shootings	final	straw	military	succession	officers	filled	tv	screens	supported	people	killings	tolerable	tanks	surrounded	miraflores	chavez	holed	senior	military	officers	bid	save	presidency	early	hours	morning	chief	armed	forces	general	lucas	rincon	held	news	conference	chavez's	resignation	demanded	accepted	earlier	wife	marisabel	children	left	caracas	cover	darkness	pdvsa	jet	barquisimeto	western	venezuela	chavez	detained	fuerte	tiuna	army	base	caracas	face	charges	role	killings	news	chavez's	resignation	caused	hundreds	flagwaving	whistleblowing	venezuelans	surround	city's	air	force	base	la	carlota	hope	chavez	departure	country	chavez's	exit	left	venezuela	power	vacuum	obvious	longterm	leader	challenge	heal	deep	social	divisions	exist	country	people	happy	chavez	fallen	feeling	uncertainty	country's	obvious	problems	solved	ms	ledesma	copyright	bbc
252--------------
topic:	188	camp	detainees	american	xray	marines	bay	staff	soldiers	alqa'eda	sgt
file label:venezuela
cubans	celebrate	venezuelan	president's	return	power	compare	botched	coup	bay	pigs	havana	ap	thousands	cubans	celebrated	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez's	return	power	rally	tuesday	likening	failed	coup	cuban	ally	disastrous	usbacked	effort	overthrow	fidel	castro's	government	years	castro	supporters	workers	students	housewives	retirees	gathered	streetcorner	cuban	leader	declared	country	socialist	speech	eve	april	bay	pigs	invasion	americantrained	exile	army	commemoration	acquires	special	relevance	year	jorge	arias	top	local	communist	party	official	beautiful	historic	coincidence	celebration	venezuelans	written	page	dignity	honor	streets	overthrow	coup	attempt	castro	chavez	leftists	revolutionary	leaders	castro	considers	chavez	friend	closest	political	ally	region	close	ties	rankled	united	states	cuba	swift	denounce	venezuelan	president's	ouster	friday	reversed	days	chavez	reinstated	loyalist	military	officers	demonstrations	calling	return	bush	administration	brushed	suggestions	tuesday	quietly	encouraged	removal	chavez	bay	pigs	ciatrained	force	exiles	invaded	effort	overthrow	castro's	government	seized	power	months	attempt	failed	invaders	killed	captured
253--------------
topic:	99	de	oil	military	la	president	caracas	rua	government	rodriguez	state
file label:venezuela
venezuelan	military	forces	president	hugo	chavez	resign	day	bloodshed	author	jorge	rueda	caracas	venezuela	ap	president	hugo	chavez	social	economic	policies	polarized	venezuela	friendship	cuba	irritated	united	states	resigned	military	pressure	friday	massive	opposition	demonstration	ended	bloodbath	chavez	presented	resignation	military	top	commanders	confronted	presidential	palace	left	palace	dawn	wearing	military	fatigues	red	beret	led	failed	coup	put	detention	caracas	fort	tiuna	army	base	quit	hours	people	killed	reported	wounded	demonstration	estimated	opposition	supporters	downtown	caracas	military	officers	chavez	ordered	national	guard	troops	civilian	gunmen	including	rooftop	snipers	stop	marchers	reaching	palace	gigantic	demonstration	caracas	late	thursday	culmination	strike	called	onemillionmember	venezuelan	workers	confederation	business	association	fedecamaras	strike	support	protesting	executives	state	oil	company	petroleos	de	venezuela	opposition	chavez's	threeyear	presidency	growing	time	onetime	cent	popularity	ratings	plunged	cent	year	accused	business	leaders	conspiring	major	labour	groups	news	media	roman	catholic	hierarchy	overthrow	armed	forces	traditionally	strong	ties	military	resented	chavez's	distancing	venezuela	washington	including	decision	suspend	venezuela's	participation	regional	military	exercises	resented	chavez's	alleged	ties	leftist	colombian	guerrillas	fidel	castro's	cuba	number	senior	officers	venezuelan	military	fought	cubanbacked	communist	guerrillas	early	chavez's	ouster	jubilant	executives	venezuela's	state	oil	monopoly	engaged	work	slowdown	promised	bring	production	exports	speed	quickly	venezuela	supplier	oil	united	states	world's	fourthbiggest	exporter	oil	prices	dipped	news	chavez	downfall	expectations	production	increase	oil	markets	concerned	supply	iraq's	decision	week	suspend	exports	israeli	allies	london	brent	crude	oil	opened	cents	thursday	barrel	york	contracts	light	sweet	crude	fell	cents	barrel	pedro	carmona	head	venezuela's	largest	business	association	announced	head	transitional	government	installed	friday	chavez	held	army	base	investigators	decide	charges	face	army	commander	gen	efrain	vasquez	velasco	chavez	asked	allowed	exile	cuba	military	turned	army	gen	roman	fuemayor	told	globovision	television	held	accountable	country	fuemayor	downtown	caracas	streets	littered	debris	places	stained	blood	shops	businesses	remained	closed	people	simply	stayed	home	stunned	wondering	buses	halfempty	reporting	work	hurried	rubblestrewn	sidewalks	thousands	coup	supporters	celebrated	overnight	waving	flags	blowing	whistles	jamming	main	highway	caracas	police	warned	chavez	supporters	reportedly	distributing	weapons	hillside	slums	surrounding	capital	officers	raided	storehouses	seizing	dozens	firearms	chavez	remains	widely	popular	venezuela's	poor	large	percentage	population	urge	venezuelans	maintain	calm	faith	continue	working	road	democracy	freedom	peace	retired	gen	guaicaipuro	lameda	february	headed	oil	company	leader	movement	oust	chavez	bush	administration	closely	monitoring	political	upheaval	venezuela	interests	democracy	democratic	institutions	senior	official	travelling	secretary	state	colin	powell	jerusalem	wave	protests	marked	president	rule	stormy	chavez	irritated	washington	close	ties	cuban	president	fidel	castro	visits	iraqi	leader	saddam	hussein	libya	criticism	bombings	afghanistan	alienated	sectors	venezuelan	society	attacks	news	media	roman	catholic	church	leaders	refusal	consult	business	leaders	failed	attempt	assert	government	control	labour	groups	chavez's	government	inherited	staggering	billion	wages	pensions	owed	workers	previous	administrations	debt	unable	pay	domestic	opponents	claimed	government	secretly	arming	neighbourhood	block	committees	bolivarian	circles	named	south	american	liberator	simon	bolivar	defend	revolution	circles	created	castro	urged	chavez's	supporters	organize	visit	chavez	exasperated	venezuelans	frequent	cadenas	hourslong	presidential	speeches	law	broadcast	venezuelan	tv	radio	stations	oil	executives	launched	slowdown	week	cutting	production	paraguana	refinery	complex	world's	largest	cent	capacity	closed	refinery	disrupted	gasoline	deliveries	stopped	loading	oil	tankers	oil	generates	cent	venezuela's	foreign	earnings	air	force	chief	gen	regulo	anselmi	military	urged	chavez	wednesday	negotiate	agreed	petroleos	de	venezuela	executives	rejected	overtures	thursday's	violence	high	command	decided	chavez	confronted	en	masse	offices	anselmi	troops	seized	government	television	station	tanks	rumbled	streets	copyright	national	post	online
254--------------
topic:	131	chavez	chavez's	country	venezuelans	venezuela	hugo	left	paratroopers	people	general
file label:venezuela
paratroopers	return	chavez	power	events	venezuela	drawn	close	attention	world's	media	observers	time	news	hugo	chavez	lost	presidential	post	returned	power	suppositions	hugo	chavez	recover	position	suppose	recovery	quick	ousted	president	freed	paratroopers	chavez	command	paratrooper	unit	patronizing	subordinates	entire	presidency	finally	rewarded	support	paratroopers	helped	regain	power	protesters	ousted	hugo	chavez	previous	week	failed	gain	support	army	majority	population	delighted	chavez	side	ordinary	venezuelans	happy	generals	local	oligarchic	elite	clear	beginning	pedro	carmona	proclaimed	interim	president	care	improving	ordinary	people's	lives	planners	committed	mistake	dissolved	national	assembly	supreme	court	coup	carmona	generals	participated	coup	questioned	public	prosecutors	hugo	chavez	formal	president	resign	pressure	plotters	vicepresident	diosdado	cabello	hugo	chavez	supporter	acting	president	hugo	chavez	return	post	president	venezuela	chavez	supporters	witchhunting	follow	opposition	afraid	persecution	venezuela	government	declared	participants	coup	brought	trial	vicepresident	diosdado	cabello	believes	venezuelan	coup	planned	showed	journalists	proof	statement	president's	belt	symbol	power	belong	hugo	chavez	belt	manufactured	spain	left	miraflores	presidential	palace	plotters	chavez	learnt	lesson	events	attentive	opposition's	opinion	future	hard	forecast	development	events	venezuela	hugo	chavez	managed	demonstrate	astonishing	political	resistance	doubt	dismiss	disloyal	top	officers	army	venezuelan	paratroopers	evidently	profit	situation	ordinary	venezuelans	slightly	anxious	struggle	presidential	post	supporters	opponents	chavez	streets	days	coup	reforms	initiated	hugo	chavez	time	president	learnt	lesson	situation	oleg	artyukov	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru	opinions	views	authors	coinside	point	view	pravdaru's	editors
255--------------
topic:	58	chavez	president	oil	government	venezuelan	venezuela	coup	khatami	nation	country
file label:venezuela
khatami	congratulates	venezuelan	nation	chavez	return	tehran	april	irna	president	mohammad	khatami	friday	evening	congratulated	venezuelan	government	nation	victory	restoration	legitimate	government	president	hugo	chavez	failed	military	coup	country	telephone	conversation	president	khatami	told	venezuelan	counterpart	president	hugo	chavex	return	legitimate	president	government	power	victory	justice	freedom	iranian	president	expressed	hope	return	president	chavez	venezuelan	government	achieve	exalted	objectives	support	people	referring	difficult	period	venezuelan	nation	week	president	chavez	antidemocractic	attempts	topple	government	failed	almighty	god	people	reestablishment	legal	order	country	chavez	briefed	iranian	president	latest	developments	country	referring	objective	military	coup	venezuela	chavez	wwanted	venezuela	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries	opec	produce	oil	order	undermine	organization	president	chavez	thanked	president	khatami	telephone	call	wished	success	iranian	government	nation	presidents	expressed	mutual	desire	meet	future	iran	sunday	week	congratulations	venezuela	hearing	return	rule	law	reinstatement	legitimate	government	president	chavez	twoday	military	collapsed	saturday	condemned	ouster	democratically	elected	president	venezuela	resorting	coup	force	acceptable	method	bring	political	change	method	conformity	norms	present	human	society	chavez	brought	venezuelan	presidential	palace	early	sunday	helicopter	caribbean	island	detained	coup	resumed	functions	president	chavez	mandate	due	forced	office	country's	armed	forces	blamed	deaths	people	demonstrations	streets	central	caracas	opposition	protest	violent	chavez	staunch	supporter	oil	production	cuts	order	boost	prices	world	market	initiated	successful	caracas	opec	summit	september	existence	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries	fsls
256--------------
topic:	127	rights	human	terrorism	international	national	statement	policies	countries	return	security
file label:venezuela
annan	welcomes	restitution	constitution	venezuela	tehran	april	irna	united	nations	secretarygeneral	kofi	annan	telephoned	hugo	chavez	president	venezuela	april	express	satisfaction	process	restoring	constitutional	order	venezuela	underway	information	center	tehran	appealed	national	reconciliation	underscored	importance	inclusive	democratic	system	country	response	president	chavez	reiterated	commitment	principles	constitutional	rule	legality	democracy	determination	pursue	broadbased	national	dialogue	secretarygeneral	welcomed	return	calm	country	noted	readiness	assist	effort	strengthen	democratic	dialogue	rule	law	human	rights	venezuela	mpar
257--------------
topic:	162	peace	terrorism	country	bush	united	evil	republic	states	international	war
file label:venezuela
cardoso	main	challenge	facing	chavez	reestablishing	normalcy	brasilia	agencia	brasil	abr	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	principal	challenge	facing	president	venezuela	hugo	chavez	reestablish	normalcy	conflicts	week	cardoso	spoke	opening	communication	channels	achieving	social	harmony	chavez	told	cardoso	intention	seeking	revenge	military	personnel	supported	failed	attempt	remove	office	president	united	states	jimmy	carter	support	chavez's	promise	set	dialogue	tables	scheduled	visit	venezuela	future	ab
258--------------
topic:	122	rights	oil	iran	human	islamic	khatami	republic	president	prices	opec
file label:venezuela
tehran	oct	irna	visiting	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	sunday	underscored	coordinated	efforts	members	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries	opec	oil	prices	fair	level	speaking	meeting	iranian	counterpart	president	mohammad	khatami	chavez	recalled	looming	recession	world	oil	markets	september	terrorist	attacks	remarked	cooperation	opec	member	states	islamic	republic	secure	interests	called	nonopec	oil	producers	cooperate	organization	alleviate	existing	concerns	falling	oil	prices	president	khatami	part	highlighted	collective	quest	opec	member	states	stabilize	oil	prices	reasonable	level	reiterated	opec's	concern	ensure	interests	producers	consumers	pledged	cooperation	members	organization	protect	producers	interests	bring	price	stability	world	oil	markets	remarks	khatami	lashed	usled	attacks	afghanistan	voiced	iran's	displeasure	developments	warravaged	country	reiterated	set	coalition	government	afghanistan	comprising	afghan	groups	reinforce	stability	khatami	chavez	agreed	dialogue	civilizations	serve	mitigate	clashes	civilizations	ensure	durable	peace	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	country	holds	rotating	chairmanship	opec	arrived	tehran	sunday	riyadh	saudi	arabia	talks	president	khatami	oil	related	issues	scheduled	leave	tehran	sunday	evening	moscow	follow	deliberations	subject	russia	important	nonopec	oil	producing	countries	venezuelan	president	embarked	tour	european	african	countries	including	austria	libya	algeria	efforts	garner	support	prop	oil	prices	aaah
259--------------
topic:	178	palestinians	war	israel	palestinian	occupation	israeli	sharon	world	peace	government
file label:venezuela
tehran	oct	irna	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	heading	highranking	delegation	arrived	sunday	oneday	official	visit	country	venezuelan	president	officially	welcomed	mehrabad	international	airport	minister	mines	metals	eshaq	jahangiri	informed	sources	chavez	due	meet	iranian	counterpart	president	mohammad	khatami	discuss	avenues	increase	oil	price	venezuelan	minister	foreign	affairs	luis	alfonso	davila	senior	officials	country	accompanying	president	chavez	visit	tehran	president	khatami	telephone	conversation	president	chavez	week	called	member	states	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries	opec	join	hands	prevent	steep	fall	oil	prices
260--------------
topic:	112	percent	leader	south	mugabe's	observers	report	rating	venezuelans	africa	election
file label:venezuela
perfect	agreement	latest	polls	popularity	president	hugo	chavez	study	alfredo	keller	confirmed	resounding	sustained	fall	approval	rating	president	beginning	administration	study	conducted	sample	adults	socioeconomic	groups	caracas	maracaibo	valencia	san	cristobal	barquisimeto	maracay	barcelona	puerto	la	cruz	puerto	ordaz	maturin	telling	result	polled	remove	chavez	office	solve	crisis	group	percent	hypothetical	replacement	chief	state	place	institutional	channels	percent	agree	forceful	means	percent	percent	polled	prefer	govern	term	recorded	trend	president's	approval	rating	registered	drop	approval	rating	reached	percent	disapproval	rating	reached	percent	april	ratings	crossed	percent	august	year	november	disapproval	rating	reached	percent	approval	rating	percent	result	reflects	collapse	myth	polarization	rich	poor	applied	beginning	administration	percent	rich	powerful	chavez	percent	polled	poor	oppose	study	shows	clear	pronouncement	favor	calling	referendum	redraft	constitution	restore	balance	power	percent	agreed	referendum	percent	rejected	chavez	edge	voter's	preference	continues	shrink	effects	divided	opposition	place	shows	strength	radical	chavez	supporters	names	presidential	candidates	percent	voted	current	leader	percent	henrique	salas	romer	percent	julio	borges	percent	alfredo	pena	percent	francisco	arias	cardenas	el	universal	internet	version	spanish	december	carries	related	report	latest	polls	conducted	country's	leading	firms	show	drop	popularity	president	hugo	chavez	datanalisis	november	poll	percent	polled	feel	bad	worse	percent	main	problems	economic	area	population's	disapproval	government's	job	reaches	percent	insecurity	unemployment	problems	elections	held	tomorrow	chavez	win	lead	collapsed	percent	popular	support	mayor	alfredo	pena	climbed	percent	caracas	el	universal	internet	version	spanish	december	carries	related	report	luis	christiansen	director	consultores	polling	firm	president	chavez	facing	key	ingredients	decline	government	unresolved	major	problems	drop	leader's	popularity	perception	president	incapable	leader	happening	fourth	venezuelans	find	substitute	leader	factor	deals	nation's	general	mood	venezuelans	level	optimism	reported	feeling	pessimistic	difference	chavez	candidacy	raised	expectations	lasted	years	people	feeling	pessimistic	president's	misfortune	percent	venezuelans	solution	unemployment	problem	christiansen	explains	venezuelans	unemployment	problem	solved	blame	chavez	incapacity	venezuelans	blaming	problem	factor	percent	find	positive	government's	actions	chavez	strengths	include	personal	qualities	percent	clear	desire	work	percent	words	christiansen	points	strengths	campaigning	candidate	president	years	office	fact	twothirds	venezuelans	chavez	responsible	country's	problems	shows	losing	strength	aspect	stability	president's	ability	hope	shrinking	finally	consultores	analyst	notes	today	number	extreme	chavez	opponents	percent	larger	extreme	chavez	supporters	percent	bring	confrontation	power	added	chavez	leads	voter's	preference
261--------------
topic:	176	country	countries	foreign	venezuela	relations	policy	president	state	groups	interests
file label:venezuela
statement	secretary	state	colin	powell	venezuelan	government	triggered	yesterday	reactions	members	ruling	party	accused	washington	violating	national	sovereignty	ranking	official	voiced	opinion	venezuela's	foreign	policy	questioned	democratic	nature	administration	hugo	chavez	tuesday	senate's	foreign	policy	committee	powell	voiced	concern	actions	president	chavez	ideas	democratic	system	criticized	visits	chief	state	countries	black	list	supporters	terrorism	published	administration	president	george	bush	including	cuba	libya	iraq	guillermo	garcia	ponce	click	view	picture	garcia	ponce	chief	board	directors	political	command	revolution	powell's	statement	unusual	added	reflect	friendly	relations	caracas	washington	stressed	venezuela's	domestic	policy	exclusive	concern	venezuelans	historical	tradition	constitutional	mandate	added	reason	country	request	agreement	determine	conduct	adopt	decisions	garcia	ponce	speaking	behalf	entire	cpr	pointed	inconceivable	interference	state	approve	disapprove	decisions	states	trait	foreign	policy	keeping	rules	international	law	violates	principle	nonintervention	affairs	countries	top	representative	cpr	noted	ruled	statement	foreign	secretary	lead	change	policies	president	chavez	deputy	cilia	flores	chief	bloc	republic	movement	tone	express	opinion	mincing	words	affirmed	instance	meddling	policies	country	sovereign	country	added	venezuela	designs	policies	autonomous	manner	event	venezuelans	decide	respect	sovereignty	countries	demand	respect	criticisms	destinations	presidential	trips	remarked	addition	fact	permission	decide	visit	country	president	visited	countries	direct	trade	relations	countries	opec	members	specific	objective	strengthening	economy	noheli	pocaterra	vice	president	national	assembly	stressed	venezuela	decide	foreign	policy	united	states	respect	decision	remarks	government	spokesman	uncalledfor	stated	respectful	decisions	washington	agree	demand	equal	treatment	foreign	policy	opposition	seeks	intervention	blockade	mvr	deputy	pedro	carreno	established	direct	relation	concerns	voiced	secretary	state	disclosure	video	confirms	relations	venezuelan	government	colombian	rebel	groups	journalists	ibeyise	pacheco	marta	colomina	patricia	poleo	marianela	salazar	disclosed	video	days	deputy	powell's	remarks	surprise	added	official's	opinion	based	reports	published	domestic	international	press	waging	ruthless	war	venezuelan	chief	state	noted	opposition	succeeding	portraying	image	venezuela	scares	investors	triggers	domestic	turmoil	request	intervention	foreign	powers	country	carreno	excused	white	house	official	argued	misled	smear	campaign	information	sabotage	unleashed	chavez	country	step	invited	powell	visit	venezuela	happening	accused	journalists	plotting	powerful	economic	groups	contributed	funds	purchase	video	intelligence	agent	stressed	journalists	article	penal	code	action	instigates	interventionist	actions	considered	treason	homeland	carreno	accomplish	campaign	conduct	journalists	opposition	activists	prompted	statement	explain	concerned	reports	venezuela	relations	organizations	categorized	terrorist	bush	administration	powell's	statement	reports	suggest	existence	ties	miraflores	terrorist	groups	documents	drafted	fan	armed	expressing	discontent	government	video	disclosed	journalists	gerardo	blyde's	remarks	creation	militia	groups	trained	guerrillas	sounded	alarm	executive	suits	opposition's	objectives	bring	intervention	blockade	hurt	people	claims	defend	oddly	defended	content	video	affirming	president	evidence	humanitarian	action	argued	united	states	faced	situation	involving	extremist	groups	holding	hostages	intermediaries	negotiate	shows	relations	groups	el	nacional	internet	version	spanish	february	carries	related	item	opposition	deputies	agreed	government's	tactless	actions	blame	concerns	voiced	foreign	secretary	colin	powell	report	cites	convergence	deputy	alejandro	arzola	powell's	position	reflects	concern	exists	international	community	latin	america	venezuelan	situation	atmosphere	conflict	threats	freedom	expression	democracy	legal	security	arzola	stated	government's	positions	harming	country	domestic	level	international	level	thousands	investors	watching	television	sets	happening	venezuela	rule	law	fire	arzola	added	recommendation	country	friendly	venezuela	country	venezuela's	trade	partner	heeded	recommendations	church	nation	demanding	rectification	report	cites	democratic	action	leader	claudio	fermin	warned	chavez	presidency	united	states	buying	million	barrels	day	present	misguided	policy	cutting	production	selling	million	barrels	add	president's	constant	aggressive	attitude	readiness	establish	ties	venezuela	parasitic	economies	give	fulfill	political	commitments	continue	lose	edge	market	fermin	chief	state	understand	confidence	investments	movement	socialism	deputy	julio	montoya	stated	national	government	extremely	incompetent	handling	relations	united	states	vague	venezuela's	intentions	protection	crude	prices	war	terrorism	ambiguous	situations	constitute	breeding	ground	bilateral	tensions	fact	ambassador	washington	verge	major	breakdown	relations	leading	trade
262--------------
topic:	38	rangel	terrorism	statements	united	minister	sharon	position	policy	israel	resettlement
file label:venezuela
defense	minister	jose	vicente	rangel	supports	position	established	venezuelan	foreign	ministry	emphasize	government's	sovereignty	international	issues	referring	statements	secretary	state	colin	powell	questioning	president	hugo	chavez	frias	activities	read	general	colin	powell's	statements	venezuelan	foreign	minister	colonel	davila's	statements	endorse	colonel	davila's	statements	rangel	expressed	wanted	clarify	powell's	statements	venezuela's	friends	rangel	recalled	president	chavez	visits	strange	countries	mexican	president	vicente	fox	visited	cuba	friendly	manner	government	iran	visited	highranking	representatives	relationship	united	states	korea	visit	korea	relationship	iraq	libya	result	fact	countries	opec	members	ties	colombian	guerrilla	groups	rangel	warned	clear	elucidation	implementing	policy	designed	president	chavez	frias	position	clear	support	latin	american	guerrilla	group	colombian	guerrilla	groups	peace	prevail	country	defense	minister	reiterated	nation's	position	terrorism	extremely	clear	categorical	decisive	venezuela	repudiates	terrorism	endorse	considers	aberration	mankind	part	current	venezuelan	government's	ideology	philosophy	policy	rangel	thinks	venezuela	shown	effectiveness	issues	interest	united	states	drug	trafficking	issues	confiscated	times	drugs	venezuela	previous	governments	attested	authorities	close	contact	evidence	rangel	challenged	parliamentary	opposition	present	evidence	purchase	video	presented	journalists	week	dim	intelligence	officials	sold	video	million	bolivares	stated	opposition	bloc	deputies	rule	possibility	national	assembly	presenting	report	decided	parliamentarian	love	activity	gladly	congress	provide	explanation	part	democratic	debate	opposition	rights	government	provide	explanation	consulted	colombia's	position	stating	video	issue	clarified	rangel	emphatic	venezuelan	government	provide	sufficient	details	matter	hours
263--------------
topic:	117	february	cardoso	letter	president	ngos	history	forces	armed	embassy	plan
file label:venezuela
believing	longer	live	written	episode	broadcast	live	words	president	republic	adulterated	deformed	falsified	hidden	agents	media	conspiracy	asserted	exact	words	barbarism	february	date	historic	date	compare	april	civicmilitary	rebellion	opened	path	national	independence	anthology	rhetorical	follies	falsifying	history	compare	put	position	founders	nation	thwarted	leader	february	coup	coup	constitutional	order	resemble	important	day	venezuelan	history	lieutenant	colonel	hugo	chavez	comparable	jose	felix	ribas	francisco	salias	philosopher	juan	german	roscio	canon	jose	cortes	de	madariaga	simple	lack	respect	abuse	history	unacceptable	degradation	chavez	overthrow	fernando	vii	domination	bourbon	dynasty	february	terrible	days	venezuelan	history	comparison	find	thwarted	coup	colonel	pedro	carujo	jose	maria	vargas	comparing	april	armed	coup	rejected	determination	academies	preserve	historical	legacy	adulteration	deceitful	february	upset	lives	venezuelans	ghost	military	insurgency	thought	overcome	belonged	eras	armed	forces	fully	legitimate	order	complying	institutional	precepts	meddling	forbidden	constitution	fact	armed	forces	great	contributions	country's	stability	sector	venezuelan	society	complies	set	legal	order	countries	preserved	vicissitudes	coup	plotters	president	chavez	boasts	spent	years	conspiring	eroding	armed	forces	loyalty	achieve	goal	conquering	power	great	demonstration	political	cynicism	february	military	failure	chavez	episode	caused	enormous	losses	human	economic	venezuelans	numerous	deaths	feel	proud	consequences	february	failure	chavez	pained	accept	democratic	methods	reach	power	happened	today	chavez	constant	demonstrations	discontent	irritation	democratically	elected	reason	simple	respect	democratic	rules	game	freedom	expression	nightmares	presence	fundamental	institutions	nation	exist	denies	disguise	failed	date	february	create	collective	illusion	military	victory	permit	govern	miraflores	reached	power	day	imagine	happened	venezuelans	fact	terrible	day	lieutenant	colonel	staying	museum	advanced	government	building	vast	forces	backing	prisoner	democracy	exhausted	generosity	vargas	carujo	venezuelan	democracy	gave	chavez	acknowledge	debts	effort	learn	live	democracy	respecting	rights	system	freedoms	president	republic	destroy	inconsistent	prevent	attempt	exercise	power	won	february	case	venezuelan	people	rejected	coup	participant	today	official	celebration	venezuela	mourning
264--------------
topic:	88	military	forces	officers	soldiers	armed	president	cuba	control	public	society
file label:venezuela
venezuelan	fan	armed	officers	noncommissioned	officers	troops	point	bulletin	circulated	today	president	seeks	destroy	military	substitute	socialist	popular	militia	similar	cuba	decade	february	coup	attempt	group	active	soldiers	requests	bulletin	interdiction	president	hugo	chavez	trial	alleged	crimes	res	publica	military	institution	circulation	document	today	primarily	directed	venezuelans	free	peoples	world	adherents	general	highranking	subordinate	officers	professional	career	noncommissioned	officers	professional	military	troops	signatures	security	families	properties	deposited	abn	amor	bank	curacao	published	media	hours	chavez	left	office	document	fan	apolitical	institution	believed	present	situation	represents	group	departures	rectification	imperative	introduction	recalls	february	president	violated	military	oath	rose	arms	democratic	institutions	defeated	institutional	armed	forces	judged	retired	expelled	dishonor	president	doctor	rafael	caldera	dismissed	trial	annul	expulsion	armed	forces	retirement	revoke	legally	sentence	bulletin	military	bulletin's	authors	recall	decentralizing	process	begun	military	process	originated	replacement	general	staff	joint	chiefs	staff	point	concentration	command	single	entity	obsolete	obsolete	work	deployments	preparation	operations	control	area	carried	president	hugo	rafael	chavez	frias	destroys	accomplished	century	intends	return	obsolete	military	organization	knowing	meaning	duties	organization	control	harmony	organisms	military	actions	president's	actions	objective	destroy	traditional	glorious	armed	forces	substitute	socialist	popular	militia	similar	cuba	add	criticize	authorization	cuban	militiamen	parade	carabobo	camp	invaded	backed	armed	rebellion	fidel	castro	apologized	revealed	cuban	soldiers	piloted	mig	airplanes	flew	caracas	december	rifle	castro	constituting	military	crime	act	submission	weapon	maintain	returned	friend	guerrillas	hugo	rafael	chavez	frias	linked	colombian	guerrillas	damaged	country	periodically	raid	territory	causing	physical	material	damages	population	document	stated	jose	vicente	rangel's	appointment	rejected	fan	civilian	affinity	colombian	rebel	groups	official	expelled	personnel	working	military	cooperation	agreement	signed	united	states	fort	tiuna	fidel	castro	agreement	arisen	incorporation	venezuela	loan	lease	system	state	warn	distancing	united	states	risks	operational	capability	military	units	due	lack	logistic	support	purchase	spare	parts	kinds	advising	praetorian	promotion	document's	signing	soldiers	president	true	oligarch	turned	members	class	military	academy	praetorian	guard	chavez	add	demoralized	corrupted	armed	forces	prerogatives	elite	discredits	kills	institution	react	defend	institutionality	officers	president	boasts	officers	armed	forces	committed	revolution	intends	military	thought	subordinated	personal	sentiments	ambition	dishonoring	constitution	laws	boasts	constitute	insult	armed	forces	committed	republic	democratic	system	disqualified	document	contends	chavez's	conduct	line	majesty	president	intentions	actions	disguises	demerits	inability	judge	changing	contradicting	personality	disqualify	ruling	destinies	country	performances	show	unbalanced	states	mind	expose	venezuelans	national	international	ridicule	president	hugo	rafael	chavez	frias	military	pathology	man	blinded	power	believes	incarnation	liberator	president	veils	fears	traumas	seeks	hide	military	uniform	venezuelan	armed	forces	misfortune	dishonorable	bulletin	question	refers	oil	supply	cuba	president	exceeded	authority	giving	cuba	returns	export	oil	set	basis	preliminary	hearing	president	court	close	central	ideas	active	soldiers	document	condensed	points	outstanding	fan	apolitical	nondeliberating	institution	commit	chavez	revolution	oppose	commemoration	military	uprisings	soldiers	point	weapons	unarmed	people	fan	responsible	president's	excesses	chavez	commits	crime	handling	public	funds	president	continue	military	uniforms	insignia	give	promotions	armed	forces	bolivarian	republic	venezuela	order	military	personnel	presently	carrying	civilian	duties	return	respective	units	carry	military	duties	armed	forces	bolivarian	republic	venezuela	demand	interdiction	hugo	rafael	chavez	frias	president	republic	cancellation	international	treaties	disqualified	president	agreements	cuba	expelling	cubans	presently	working	venezuela	physicians	advisors	trainers	demand	stop	agreements	china	trials	corrupt	officers	maintain	chavez	trial	treason	embezzlement	theft	military	weaponry	call	civilian	society	exercise	rights	kick	chavez	power	fan	manipulated	bulletin	consequences	president's	attitude	decrease	country's	defense	capabilities	decision	decommission	relocate	numerous	army	national	guard	units	related	military	morale	stake	due	breakdown	discipline	words	actions	president	discrediting	officers	point	forcing	highranking	officers	statements	alien	document	warns	president	allowed	wear	military	uniform	disguises	ceased	soldier	fatherland	destroys	fundamental	principles	subordination	humiliates	higherranking	officers	forcing	receive	full	military	honors	conditions	leads	lack	discipline	subordinates	exposure	public	despise	plan	bolivar	bulletin	points	chavez	fan	tasks	carried	cases	emergency	diverts	functions	armed	forces	irresponsible	plan	bolivar	committing	social	action	tasks	totally	lack	planning	administrative	control	corruption	handling	funds	audits	control	sanction	president's	consent	result	intentions	dismantling	destroying	demoralizing	venezuelan	armed	forces	maintains	document	poorly	paid	signing	document	distanced	state	venezuelan	society	militarization	process	venezuelan	civilian	society	understand	country	militarism	appointment	retired	officers	recovered	civilian	rights	context	represent	armed	forces	outandout	followers	president	hugo	rafael	chavez	frias	authors	clear	retired	soldiers	left	service	military	institution	decision	forced	circumstances	longer	command	pension	established	earned	wages	obtained	rank	number	active	years	counted	pension	contributed	amortization	country	badly	militarized	percent	soldiers	public	posts	present	administration	retired	soldiers	constitution	recovered	percent	citizen	rights	rest	soldiers	limited	members	venezuelan	society	historians	philosophers	playwrights	journalists	artists	free	thinkers	state	militarism	exists	venezuela	wrong	reality	true	retired	officers	dishonored	uniform	nation	pardoned	trial	dismissed	charges	prescribed	point	denied	fan	elitist	institution	percent	members	completed	careers	statements	raises	salaries	wages	members	armed	forces	president	false	professional	troops	earn	approximately	bolivars	month	close	minimum	wage	general	salaries	armed	forces	lowest	civil	service	complained	deficiencies	benefits	national	armed	forces	social	welfare	institute	ipsfan	insufficient	mortgage	loans	supermarkets	competitive	relation	allocation	seniority	social	benefits	large	proportion	officer	corps	request	prematurely	satisfy	present	salary	compromising	age	practically	hospital	medical	attention	members	armed	forces	military	hospitals	give	service	population	plan	bolivar	improving	increasing	capacity	existing	hospitals	clinics	outpatient	departments	declaration	points	president	developed	sermon	soldiers	regime's	beneficiaries	generate	antagonism	public	opinion	major	fear	president	imposed	population	time	threatens	armed	forces	subjugate	rounds	bulletin	situation	intolerable	dignity	armed	forces
265--------------
topic:	13	chavez	venezuela	situation	president	government	country	power	time	petroleum	coup
file label:venezuela
dismissal	venezuela	minister	interior	justice	luis	miquilena	point	central	figure	process	put	hugo	chavez	power	triggers	red	light	countries	argentina	colombia	border	brazil	dramatic	happening	venezuelan	situation	time	brazilian	diplomats	notice	south	american	necessities	long	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	influence	chavez	asked	advice	government	considers	kind	link	dealing	situation	venezuela	situation	changed	considerably	chavez	issued	decree	package	laws	nationalizing	character	laws	affect	country	petroleum	land	ownership	shortly	occasion	attack	twin	towers	york	chavez	reaction	taliban	terrorism	terrorist	act	straining	relations	washington	chavez	short	tumultuous	time	power	achieved	electoral	means	failed	mutiny	arouses	fears	future	latin	america's	oldest	democracy	election	election	plebiscite	plebiscite	venezuela	moving	rapidly	legal	coup	logical	consequence	clashes	miraflores	palace	population	expresses	discontent	resounding	potsandpans	demonstrations	cracks	appearing	government	parties	supported	chavez	rise	political	power	expected	lawsa	consequence	economic	crisiswould	effects	union	leaders	radical	leftwing	politicians	populist	militants	represented	government	bad	government	management	complicates	situation	chavez	team	expose	cracks	coalition	response	reaction	street	radical	wing	opposes	agreement	opposition	groups	moderate	wing	supports	dialogue	opposition	reduce	political	tension	opposition	raises	head	climate	plots	takes	shape	noise	pots	pans	poor	job	hiding	opposition's	desire	launch	kind	civil	disobedience	indication	venezuela	finally	entered	dangerous	stage	venezuela's	economic	situation	forms	wretched	background	ideological	experiments	bolivarian	constitution	chavez	approved	plebiscite	worst	recession	decades	alleviated	increase	petroleum	prices	firms	closed	doors	active	population	informal	economy	stands	brutal	contrast	decade	petroleum	boom	andres	perez	socialist	father	billion	royalties	squandered	benefit	population	price	petroleum	fell	time	venezuelan	economy	drain	electoral	path	chavez	attempt	open	coup	failed	aperitif	probable	democratic	coup	prepared
266--------------
topic:	93	soto	chavez	military	president	caracas	civilian	democracy	minister	arrived	presidential
file label:venezuela
caracas	feb	afp	venezuelan	air	force	colonel	pedro	soto	arrived	presidential	residence	late	thursday	leading	thousands	opponents	president	hugo	chavez	calling	chavez	step	tension	escalated	chavez	supporters	arrived	la	casona	residence	exclusive	district	eastern	caracas	pm	gmt	friday	provoking	fears	confrontations	sides	president's	house	man	sleeps	day	waiting	resign	call	elections	soto	told	reporters	adding	protesters	stay	put	chavez	arrived	chavez's	whereabouts	unclear	soto	urged	supporters	march	presidential	palace	earlier	address	altamira	square	demand	chavez's	resignation	ruling	republic	movement	mvr	party	lawmaker	nicolas	maduro	called	venezuelans	streets	defend	chavez	government	invite	people	caracas	streets	en	masse	defend	support	president	hugo	chavez	revolutionary	process	maduro	flanked	mvr	deputies	accused	opposition	put	spectacle	soto	earlier	evening	crowd	prevented	group	military	police	arresting	soto	hours	appeared	event	caracas	hotel	calling	chavez	undemocratic	demanding	president's	resignation	television	images	showed	soto	fleeing	home	dressed	civilian	grey	suit	red	military	vehicle	driver	fleeing	injustice	totalitarianism	soto	yelled	reporters	moments	vehicle	stopped	military	intelligence	agents	boyaca	avenue	group	officials	designated	arrest	appeared	desisted	dozens	chavez	opponents	including	lawmakers	moved	prevent	soto	interior	minister	ramon	rodriguez	chacin	late	thursday	guaranteed	citizens	protest	peacefully	express	oneself	demonstrate	long	put	people's	property	state	institutions	risk	minister	government	headquarters	miraflores	palace	people	express	long	line	law	rodriguez	chacin	pointed	finger	soto	traitor	opportunistic	leader	shortly	soto's	arrival	palace	presidential	chief	staff	rafael	vargas	total	calm	reigned	nation	underlined	belief	soto's	protest	planned	advance	oligarchs	coming	timed	coincide	visit	organization	american	states	oas	representative	santiago	canton	venezuela	freedom	expression	vargas	venezuela's	defense	minister	jose	vicente	rangel	insisted	absolute	calm	nation's	barracks	denying	rumors	mobilizing	troops	added	soto	receive	advice	military	attorney	civilian	lawyers	deposition	critical	opinions	chavez's	regime	public	event	organized	posh	caracas	hotel	earlier	thursday	soto	percent	venezuelan	officials	troops	shared	view	chavez	resign	president	president	resign	organize	elections	leaves	country	democracy	hands	civilian	soto	boldly	proclaimed	profreedom	forum	government	president	controls	supreme	court	national	assembly	armed	forces	called	democracy	soto	charged	soto	military	discontent	running	high	armed	forces	chavez	political	ends	cited	government's	bolivar	plan	military	staff	civilian	crews	social	projects	soto	called	scope	military's	duty	protect	national	sovereignty	harsh	criticism	populist	paratrooper	chavez	soto	heels	unusually	blunt	week	criticism	venezuelan	president	secretary	state	colin	powell	tuesday	questioned	chavez	commitment	democracy	war	terrorism	criticized	visits	countries	iraq	libya	powell	chavez	aware	complaints	wednesday	central	intelligence	agency	director	george	tenet	told	senate	panel	worried	growing	unrest	venezuela	united	states	largest	supplier	crude	oil
267--------------
topic:	199	countries	opec	khatami	international	washington	prisoners	cooperation	pakistan	nonopec	pakistanis
file label:venezuela
united	nations	york	nov	irna	president	mohammad	khatami	venezuelan	counterpart	hugo	chavez	saturday	cited	cooperation	opec	member	countries	key	forestalling	oil	price	declines	iranian	president	hailed	chavez's	efforts	travelling	opec	nonopec	member	countries	bid	garner	support	propping	sagging	crude	prices	khatami	met	chavez	sidelines	general	assembly	session	explained	ongoing	afghan	crisis	wake	usled	strikes	islamic	republic's	stance	september	terror	attacks	washington	york	reiterated	call	global	peace	coalition	based	justice	stem	roots	terrorism	forming	worldwide	coalition	based	peace	justice	eradicate	ominous	phenomenon	terrorism	khatami	chavez	country	heads	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries	opec	venezuela's	efforts	form	whirlwind	trips	opec	nonopec	member	countries	line	interests	oil	producing	countries	cooperation	opec	nonopec	countries	boost	national	interests	chavez	voiced	latin	american	concern	ongoing	crisis	middle	east	caracas	international	stance	fight	terrorism	violence	intrigues	opec	due	hold	meeting	vienna	wednesday	discuss	widely	expected	production	cut	called	expansion	bilateral	cooperation	tehran	caracas	international	fields	opec	group	world	developing	countries	khatami	york	attend	special	session	general	assembly	dialogue	civilizations	international	convention	theme	approved	united	nations	designated	year	dialogue	civilizations	president	khatami's	initiative
268--------------
topic:	13	chavez	venezuela	situation	president	government	country	power	time	petroleum	coup
file label:venezuela
president	hugo	chavez	warned	sectors	idea	forceful	venezuela	coup	attack	life	added	purpose	seeking	fan	armed	assume	power	venezuela	realized	train	stopping	stop	run	track	ideas	destabilization	surfaced	ideas	chavez	killed	shots	solve	problem	emerged	futile	illusion	lie	happen	solve	problem	president	yearend	message	vargas	caracas	garrisons	speaking	caracas	poliedro	chavez	added	pinochet	analyzing	man	man	pinochet	pit	chavez	pinochet	fan	venture	assure	president	charged	attacks	targeting	person	years	accused	ties	guerrillas	buying	arms	set	communist	regime	venezuela	added	find	strange	time	managed	connect	terrorist	usama	bin	ladin	opponents	strategy	discredit	chavez	efforts	country	moving	believes	difficult	politically	economically	socially	noted	year	draws	close	indicators	positive	venezuela	emphasized	country	regained	internationally	recognized	posts	presidency	group	group	president	complained	mass	media	accusing	reporting	suits	pointed	annoyance	extend	journalists	directed	owners	newspapers	radio	television	broadcasting	stations	argentina's	decision	pay	debt	president	measure	give	economy	people	breathing	room	wished	argentine	government	good	luck	confident	country	moving	chavez	recalled	years	argentina	depicted	model	follow	situation	reversed	negatively	result	neoliberal	policy	opposed	venezuela	led	path	happened	chief	state	recalled	previous	governments	viewed	colombian	guerrillas	enemies	venezuela	led	operations	colombian	territory	attack	rebel	groups	opinion	error	resulted	victims	loss	venezuelan	lives	meddling	internal	conflict	colombia	marks	meddling	internal	conflict	country	violation	international	law	turn	gave	guerrillas	attack	military	units
269--------------
topic:	58	chavez	president	oil	government	venezuelan	venezuela	coup	khatami	nation	country
file label:venezuela
editorial	hidden	message	chavez	oil	prices	sharp	downward	trend	quiet	semicoup	d'etat	american	affiliated	venezuelan	army	generals	deposed	popularly	elected	president	venezuela	hugo	chavez	friday	price	crude	dramatic	upsurge	aftermath	everdeteriorating	middle	east	crisis	unilateral	cut	iraqi	oil	saddam	hussein	similar	threats	oil	producing	countries	dethroning	chavez	americans	message	disobeying	uncle	sam	cataclysmic	consequences	repeatedly	asked	chavez	venezuelan	government	increase	level	oil	output	exports	chavez	ala	fidel	castro	leftleaning	antiamerican	philosophy	number	occasions	rebuffed	requests	oil	exports	direct	response	americans	preach	democracy	entire	planet	recognizing	longer	tolerate	chavez	reverted	bullying	dictatorial	tactics	arranged	army	coup	avowed	proamerican	generals	managed	remove	chavez	power	short	hours	venezuela	largest	exporter	oil	opec	fourth	worldwide	production	concerned	venezuela	important	oil	producing	nation	oil	impacts	crude	prices	international	markets	doubt	chavez	voluntarily	resign	office	fact	removed	power	army	evidently	phone	conversation	friday	chavez	told	daughter	forced	resign	accept	army's	nonnegotiable	conditions	event	apparent	united	states	intends	play	conspicuous	role	exert	increasing	pressure	oil	issue	concerned	wielding	authority	exercising	dictatorial	powers	world's	superpower	united	states	determined	play	front	centre	role	intricate	international	game	oil	prices	free	flow	allimportant	strategic	product	black	gold	fall	hugo	chavez	caracas	crystalclear	message	warning	world	contemplating	oil	political	tool	future
270--------------
topic:	194	general	strike	wednesday	military	forces	pdvsa	opposition	national	chavez	minister
file label:venezuela
caracas	afp	venezuelan	military	high	command	maintains	support	president	hugo	chavez	calls	opposition	part	indefinite	general	strike	declared	wednesday	night	individual	acts	insubordination	generals	day	command	troops	analyst	luis	vicente	leon	head	influential	polling	firm	datanalisis	told	afp	wednesday	president	continues	control	power	military	sector	emergence	dissident	general	shows	sign	contravening	president's	authority	chavez	controls	troop	posts	army	brigadier	general	nestor	gonzalez	commands	troops	appeared	press	conference	wednesday	pronouncements	chief	state	joining	dissident	officers	active	duty	rebelled	february	division	general	rafael	damiani	militarized	national	guard	gn	condemned	fact	president	chavez	ordered	troops	force	putting	demonstration	caracas	support	striking	managers	stateowned	pdvsa	petroleum	high	military	commands	supported	government	emergency	caused	strike	staged	trade	union	business	association	opposition	strike	extended	indefinitely	wednesday	night	carlos	ortega	president	venezuelan	workers	confederation	ctv	largest	labor	confederation	country	tuesday	inspector	general	armed	forces	general	lucas	rincon	accompanied	civil	defense	minister	jose	vicente	rangel	energy	minister	alvaro	silva	calderon	tour	strategic	oil	facilities	stateowned	pdvsa	managers	completing	seventh	day	strike	paralyzed	refining	operations	shipments	fuel	tour	rincon	supported	official	report	stating	supply	oil	main	national	international	markets	country's	main	source	foreign	exchange	normal	meets	existing	agreements	speaking	turn	army	commander	efrain	vasquez	general	francisco	belisario	landis	commanding	officer	gn	affirmed	forces	participating	armed	forces	plans	alert	denied	militarization	facilities	stateowned	venezuelan	petroleum	pdvsa	luis	alberto	camacho	deputy	minister	citizen	security	reported	members	national	guard	components	armed	forces	deployed	country	order	safeguard	individuals	property	general	strike	time	security	oil	facilities	bases	operations	administrative	areas	caracas	stepped	reported	opponents	president	assembled	wednesday	offices	stateowned	venezuelan	petroleum	pdvsa	joining	strike	waged	executives	thursday	carrying	signs	appealing	support	men	uniform	soldiers	soldier	support	read	posters	carried	strike	sympathizers	general	gonzalez	reviewed	venezuelancolombian	border	conflict	accused	chavez	lying	stated	colombian	guerrillas	entering	venezuelan	territory	contradicted	entering	fought	militarily	troops	country	guerrillas	supply	dead	enjoy	politics	gonzalez	military	officials	rebel	wednesday	rebel	gn	div	gen	damiani	accused	chavez	ordered	national	guard	force	purpose	removing	individuals	positioned	front	pdvsa	buildings	chuao	capital	damiani	official	active	duty	revealed	information	order	impede	action	resulting	presidential	folly	sully	armed	forces	national	guard	datanalisis	analyst	leon	chavez	controls	military	forces	present	time	fact	constitutes	permanent	life	insurance	current	indefinite	general	strike	called	opposition	ctv	fedecamaras	federation	associations	chambers	commerce	leadership	battle	war	predicts	long	conflict	intensify	time	national	strike	important	battle	longrange	war	final	result	shaping	romance	analyst	observed	venezuela	radicalized	inept	abusive	authoritarian	government	neutralized	heterogeneous	impatient	politically	immature	opposition	noted	possibilities	negotiation	groups	nonexistent	existential	conflict	chavez	institutions	oust	power	leon	added	opposition	viewed	pdvsa	conflict	perfect	lifesaver	reviving	civilian	social	pressure	chavez	ouster	power	cooling	pressure	days	analyst	noted	growing	unrest	streets	opposition's	hope	exit	chief	state	presumptuous	leon	visualizes	scenarios	tension	increase	days	destabilize	government	dwindle	week	generate	frustration	opposition	achieving	objective	factor	turn	strengthen	chavez	dismissed	chavez	remain	strong	position	visavis	opponents	declare	state	emergency	suspension	guarantees	people	declare	state	civil	disobedience	uncontrolled	violence	unleashed	point	military	intervene	pressuring	sides	real	agreement	opting	unconstitutional	coup	predicted	alternative	state	emergency	explicitly	ruled	wednesday	interior	minister	ramon	rodriguez	chacin
271--------------
topic:	11	policies	countries	american	mkapa	zimbabwe	free	country	foreign	oil	elections
file label:venezuela
hugo	chavez	ousted	today	result	coup	d'etat	pay	attention	commentary	issue	rare	development	reminds	americanbacked	coup	d'etat	general	pinochet	legallyelected	president	chile	salvador	allende	legallyelected	president	venezuela	hugo	chavez	ousted	result	coordinated	operations	carried	number	army	generals	prominent	industrialists	capitalists	forces	acting	american	agents	venezuela	largest	oil	producers	exporters	world	vast	natural	resources	riches	passage	years	independence	poorest	countries	world	cent	population	live	poverty	line	fate	latin	south	american	countries	living	decades	americanbacked	military	regimes	oppressed	peoples	omitted	developments	venezuela	world	war	result	developments	hugo	chavez	elected	free	elections	held	gained	votes	vast	majority	voters	immediately	declared	aim	government	eliminate	poverty	injustice	guarantee	independence	country	face	foreign	interference	chavez's	policies	aimed	eliminating	injustice	poverty	country	introduced	reforms	economic	commercial	arenas	oil	result	industrialists	prominent	capitalists	defeated	political	forces	acting	foreign	agents	military	figures	concerned	situation	gradually	led	formation	coalition	officials	chavez	government	repeatedly	foreign	intelligence	agencies	involved	formation	coalition	issue	foreign	policy	concerned	chavez	sought	preserve	independence	country	face	american	pressure	pursued	independent	policy	main	objectives	policies	properly	utilize	venezuela's	vast	natural	riches	oil	sought	implement	policy	eliminating	poverty	chavez's	foreign	policies	contrary	american	interests	latin	america	parts	world	latin	south	america	hugo	chavez	established	close	friendly	relations	cuban	president	fidel	castro	invited	visit	country	supported	movements	opposed	american	intervention	region	infuriating	washington	policies	enjoyed	widespread	support	regional	countries	washington	concerned	chavez	model	affect	american	countries	america	openly	opposed	chavez's	policies	establishing	friendly	relations	countries	pursued	independent	regional	international	policies	important	reason	america's	concern	issue	oil	issue	closely	intertwined	america's	policies	middle	east	iran's	proposal	cutting	supply	oil	countries	support	israel	month	supported	oilexporting	countries	increasing	probability	venezuela	support	ouster	chavez	government	effective	solution	served	interests	forces	opposed	chavez	coup	d'etat	venezuela	assessed	plot	hatched	purpose
272--------------
topic:	57	oil	chavez	russia	hugo	president	venezuela	opec	prices	market	world
file label:venezuela
moscow	october	itartass	russia	actively	holding	consultations	oil	exporting	countries	president	vladimir	putin	meeting	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	kremlin	monday	current	meeting	leader	country	opec	chairperson	interesting	added	relations	venezuela	important	russia	important	fact	present	venezuela	chairperson	opec	president	putin	stressed	satisfied	fact	russianvenezuelan	dialogue	stable	dynamic	opinion	positive	factor	point	view	ensuring	stable	oil	supply	world	market	connection	russia	supported	keeping	oil	prices	range	turn	president	hugo	chavez	venezuela	expressed	gratitude	putin	generosity	soul	thought	meet	chavez	reiterated	friendship	venezuela's	enormous	interest	maintaining	relations	russia	thanked	russian	leader	meeting	immediately	return	shanghai	summit	visit	dushanbe	hugo	chavez	visiting	moscow	framework	long	tour	includes	european	countries	algeria	iran	libya	saudi	arabia	place	time	opec	members	support	idea	oil	production	reduced	order	stop	continuing	decline	prices	hydrocarbons	world	market	late	week	price	crude	oil	stock	exchanges	dollars	barrel	lowest	level	purpose	trip	hugo	chavez	find	ways	effectively	protecting	oil	market	world	oil	prices	interests	venezuela	world's	biggest	oil	exporters	visit	hugo	chavez	russia	year	place	held	talks	russian	leaders
273--------------
topic:	127	rights	human	terrorism	international	national	statement	policies	countries	return	security
file label:venezuela
saturday	days	aftr	chavez	removed	power	military	coupthousands	supporters	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	streets	occupying	presidential	palace	returned	power	asked	ali	kianushrad	member	majles	national	security	foreign	policy	committee	state	views	developments	venezuela	chavez's	removal	return	power	question	assess	sudden	downfall	sudden	return	hugo	chavez	venezuela	answer	venezuelan	experience	days	showed	regimes	based	votes	support	masses	adopt	independent	policies	big	powers	america	favored	american	leadership	americans	hasty	support	coup	shows	americans	favor	national	independent	rules	coming	power	venezuelan	president's	return	power	showed	rulers	endorsed	supported	people	people's	determination	affect	decisions	people's	presence	scene	prevent	rules	decisions	totally	disagree	question	assess	iran's	reaction	overthrow	chavez	government	returnsomething	foreign	ministry	issued	statement	answer	good	relations	venezuela	reason	satisfied	overthrow	rule	venezuelan	regime's	policies	enjoy	extensive	support	venezuelan	people	points	independent	policies	oil	converge	policies	positively	assessed	islamic	republic	iran	question	opposition	rio	pact	member	countries	countries	play	role	chavez's	return	power	answer	incidents	developments	venezuela	chavez's	return	power	rapid	possibility	intervention	powers	return	power	small	undoubtedly	basic	doubts	exist	coup	america's	support	springs	mind	great	possibility	countries	intervention	venezuela's	domestic	affairs
274--------------
topic:	94	flores	position	country	salvador	oas	government	el	countries	president	democratic
file label:venezuela
san	salvador	april	acanefe	salvadorian	president	francisco	flores	today	defended	declaration	support	interim	venezuelan	government	headed	industrialist	pedro	carmona	indicating	information	time	hugo	chavez	resigned	presidency	flores	press	conference	reason	apologize	president	chavez	demanded	salvadoran	opposition	parties	position	clear	position	authorities	receive	vote	confidence	lead	venezuelan	process	democratic	path	stated	added	understood	civilian	committed	call	elections	receive	vote	confidence	flores	maintained	position	unique	el	salvador	position	european	countries	position	united	states	view	totally	reasonable	information	salvadorian	president	considered	vote	confidence	provisional	government	carmona	repercussions	relations	el	salvador	venezuela	totally	normal	worried	sense	explained	el	salvador	position	latin	american	countries	present	time	presides	permanent	council	oas	added	latin	american	countries	decided	invoke	oas	democratic	charter	implies	investigation	steps	brought	country	point	simply	determine	coup	d'etat	reminded	press	oas	mission	venezuela	objectives	commission	headed	cesar	gaviria	secretary	general	oas	democratic	charter	instrument	implies	oas	countries	members	convene	tribunal	investigate	case	country	decide	remove	international	community	part	tremendously	process	asked	repercussions	announced	visit	venezuelaby	leaders	opposition	party	farabundo	marti	national	liberation	front	fmln	left	wingwould	government	flores	concern	seeking	damage	country	fmln	condemned	friday	actions	government	chavez	celebrated	return	power	sunday	criticized	flores	condemning	rupture	constitutional	order	venezuela	international	problem	manipulation	subject	domestically	fmln	damage	country	hurt	ends	causing	damage	country	loyal	el	salvador	flores	concluded
275--------------
topic:	58	chavez	president	oil	government	venezuelan	venezuela	coup	khatami	nation	country
file label:venezuela
tehran	april	irna	president	mohammad	khatami	friday	evening	congratulated	venezuelan	government	nation	victory	restoration	legitimate	government	president	hugo	chavez	failed	military	coup	country	telephone	conversation	president	khatami	told	venezuelan	counterpart	president	hugo	chavex	return	legitimate	president	government	power	victory	justice	freedom	iranian	president	expressed	hope	return	president	chavez	venezuelan	government	achieve	exalted	objectives	support	people	referring	difficult	period	venezuelan	nation	week	president	chavez	antidemocractic	attempts	topple	government	failed	almighty	god	people	reestablishment	legal	order	country	chavez	briefed	iranian	president	latest	developments	country	referring	objective	military	coup	venezuela	chavez	wwanted	venezuela	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries	opec	produce	oil	order	undermine	organization	president	chavez	thanked	president	khatami	telephone	call	wished	success	iranian	government	nation	presidents	expressed	mutual	desire	meet	future	iran	sunday	week	congratulations	venezuela	hearing	return	rule	law	reinstatement	legitimate	government	president	chavez	twoday	military	collapsed	saturday	condemned	ouster	democratically	elected	president	venezuela	resorting	coup	force	acceptable	method	bring	political	change	method	conformity	norms	present	human	society	chavez	brought	venezuelan	presidential	palace	detained	coup	resumed	functions	president	chavez	mandate	due	forced	office	country's	armed	forces	blamed	deaths	people	demonstrations	streets	central	caracas	opposition	protest	violent	chavez	staunch	supporter	oil	production	cuts	order	boost	prices	world	market	initiated	successful	caracas	opec	summit	september	existence	organization	petroleum	exporting	countries
276--------------
topic:	70	military	venezuela	chavez	coup	armed	events	political	time	spanish	understand
file label:venezuela
military	threat	persists	events	venezuela	spanish	daily	excerpt	unsigned	editorial	coup	coup	published	spanish	newspaper	el	pais	web	site	liking	western	foreign	ministries	shared	extent	washington's	pleasure	ousting	hugo	chavez	events	venezuela	shown	support	majority	population	presidency	deposed	reinstalled	military	confused	uprising	criticisms	chavez's	governance	widespread	democratic	world	year	visiting	dictators	castro	saddam	husayn	writing	terrorists	famous	carlos	meeting	promises	prosperity	fair	shares	debatable	decisions	caused	deep	social	polarization	brought	confrontation	representative	sectors	civil	society	demagogy	arguments	latest	events	reveal	popularity	collapsed	coup	misjudged	strength	carmona	remaining	power	led	division	armed	forces	possibility	proliferation	expressions	support	overthrown	leader	military	officers	change	advisable	forced	resignation	carmona	meteoric	period	office	chavez's	vicepresident	diosdado	cabello	post	order	give	leader	time	reappear	leaves	air	feeling	military	uncertainty	twoway	trip	hours	undoubtedly	leave	deep	wounds	armed	forces	exert	decisive	influence	political	life	civilian	opposition	absence	political	parties	organized	employers	organization	trade	unions	president	chavez	damaged	links	groups	armed	followers	left	score	dead	thursday's	crushing	demonstrations	today	revived	president	tackle	future	methods	time	officer	rethink	set	priorities	understand	cuban	model	longer	works	havana	give	promised	revanchism	understand	venezuela	western	country	reason	impossible	improve	fate	venezuelans	eradicate	eternal	scourge	corruption	framework	comparable	rest	world	incidentally	chavez
277--------------
topic:	190	israeli	palestinian	people	arafat	sharon	arab	resolution	conflict	united	states
file label:venezuela
overshadowed	midst	tragic	events	place	occupied	palestinian	areas	venezuela's	strong	slap	face	united	states	unrecognized	statements	officials	developments	venezuela	ridiculous	odd	playing	games	national	security	adviser	condoleezza	rice	stated	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	triumphantly	returned	power	request	people	hoped	chavez	message	people	policies	venezuelan	people	knew	learn	lesson	situation	playing	games	return	chavez	failed	coup	attempts	united	states	blessed	disavowed	represented	tough	blow	policy	latin	america	america's	backyard	proved	people	stronger	force	arrogance	power	worth	mentioning	united	states	implementing	principle	president	george	bush	announced	september	attacks	coup	planned	overthrow	chavez	visited	iraq	considered	suspending	oil	exports	month	protest	israeli	holocaust	palestinian	civilians	officials	developed	habit	speaking	peoples	interests	instance	bush	announced	palestinian	president	yasir	arafat	betrayed	hopes	people	oddly	peoples	officials	speak	suffer	unfair	policies	mention	peoples	gave	politicians	speak	conspicuous	policy	playing	games	officials	continue	adopt	statements	proves	bush	administration	playing	part	thug	feared	likes	punish	complains	behavior	united	states	learn	lesson	continues	twist	logic	turning	blind	eye	israeli	murderers	describing	palestinian	victims	terrorists	playing	games
278--------------
topic:	148	chavez	president	venezuela	coup	hugo	venezuelan	power	return	military	chavez's
file label:venezuela
beijing	april	afp	china	tuesday	welcomed	venezuela's	return	political	stability	expressed	support	president	hugo	chavez's	promise	dialogue	national	reconciliation	return	power	coup	return	stability	venezuela's	domestic	situation	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	zhang	qiyue	leadership	president	chavez	people	venezuela	devote	political	stability	economic	development	progress	social	advancement	chavez	returned	power	sunday	promised	monday	invite	broad	spectrum	venezuelan	society	participate	dialogue	country's	problems	friend	venezuela	china	hoped	strengthen	friendship	cooperation	country	zhang
279--------------
topic:	22	states	evil	united	war	president	countries	axis	american	latin	d'etat
file label:venezuela
vantage	point	latin	america	caribbean	doubt	united	states	complicity	military	civilian	authors	abortive	coup	d'etat	venezuelan	president	hugo	chavez	mexico	buenos	aires	television	viewers	spanish	cnn	telemundo	channels	undisguised	pleasure	displayed	white	house	spokesman	ari	fleischer	national	security	adviser	condoleezza	rice	announcement	hugo	chavez's	resignation	fact	signed	condemning	united	states	time	coup	d'etat	president	bush's	spokesman	explained	chavez	brought	bore	responsibility	confused	events	violated	human	rights	sudden	turnabout	president	chavez's	return	miraflores	palace	hours	washington	immediately	limit	damage	american	administration	contacts	conspirators	months	order	advise	constitutional	methods	chavez	otto	reich	state	department's	latin	american	policy	chief	met	shortlived	interim	president	boss	bosses	pedro	carmona	order	urge	dissolve	national	assembly	advice	issued	ambassador	caracas	charles	shapiro	rushed	presidential	palace	spanish	number	meet	pedro	carmona	spaniard	attended	hasty	meeting	country's	behalf	eu's	behalf	latin	american	analysts	commentators	read	york	times	miami	herald	subtle	informal	messages	encouragement	addressed	conspirators	admitted	unidentified	pentagon	official	cia	inactive	months	prior	coup	d'etat	suggested	stratfor	newsletter	specializing	intelligence	matters	published	internet	top	latest	press	reports	presence	american	officers	conspirators	fear	grim	years	apparent	change	doctrine	washington's	part	years	demands	successful	observance	democratic	constitutional	order	latin	america	laden	threats	subcontinent	century	experienced	succession	coups	d'etat	guatemala	chile	dominican	republican	argentina	fomented	backed	cia	pentagon	fear	lapsing	grim	years	military	dictatorships	revolutionary	guerrilla	movements	driven	virtually	latin	american	countries	notable	exception	el	salvador	condemn	overthrow	constitutional	order	venezuela	conceal	criticisms	hugo	chavez	member	countries	organization	american	states	oas	condemned	coup	d'etat	recognized	legitimacy	elected	president	el	salvador	united	states	representative	oas	roger	noriega	hours	persuade	numbers	chavez's	ouster	good	hemisphere	ironical	trick	history	september	oas	member	countries	united	states	represented	secretary	state	colin	powell	signed	democratic	charter	envisaging	regional	defense	mechanisms	constitutional	regimes	attacks	hit	united	states	day	initiated	era	relegating	defense	democratic	principles	subordinate	place	priority	objective	combating	terrorism	manichean	world	divided	friends	enemies	sole	superpower	hugo	chavez	unwise	condemn	american	bombing	raids	afghanistan	visits	iraq's	saddam	husayn	libya's	muammar	alqadhdhafi	friendship	cuban	leader	fidel	castro	relations	colombian	guerrillas	speeches	neoliberal	globalization	commitment	multipolar	world	evil	camp	bolivarian	venezuela	ceased	guarantee	oil	supplies	united	states	foremost	suppliers	entrusting	conduct	latin	american	policy	radical	wing	anticastro	exiles	president	george	bush	satisfied	powerful	cubanamerican	lobby	miami	brother	jeb	order	secure	reelection	governor	florida	risk	obsession	fidel	castro's	downfall	exert	excessive	influence	conduct	relations	neighbors	south	implicated	irancontra	scandal	secret	operation	nicaraguan	sandinist	regime	ronald	reagan	presidency	cubanamerican	otto	reich	appointed	undersecretary	state	latin	american	affairs	congress	opposition	ambassador	venezuela	secret	antipathy	chavez	rightly	considers	main	supporter	castro	regime	decisions	government	resulted	coup	d'etat	suspend	oil	supplies	cuba	latin	america	establishment	friendly	government	caracas	representing	industry	conservative	circles	influenced	opus	dei	advantage	washington	weakening	opec	hugo	chavez	succeeded	bringing	life	years	downward	turn	announcement	coup	d'etat	oil	prices	started	rise	hugo	chavez's	return	miraflores	palace
280--------------
topic:	189	election	mugabe	tsvangirai	officials	opposition	party	supporters	political	zanupf	government
file label:venezuela
horrific	news	coming	occupied	territories	shocking	swing	extreme	french	presidential	elections	threat	france's	ethic	religious	minorities	virtually	attention	paid	reported	discovery	serving	army	officers	involved	failed	coup	venezuela's	president	hugo	chavez	white	house	embarrassed	report	rank	understatement	year	story	devastating	consequence	bush	administration	week	chavez	reinstated	supporters	white	house	denied	role	failed	military	coup	admitted	officials	met	venezuelan	opposition	leaders	told	chavez	friendship	libya	iraq	cuba	angered	washington	replaced	legitimate	constitutional	means	support	coup	question	white	house	lie	turns	true	colonels	involved	failed	attempt	conclusion	colonels	acting	orders	orders	stretching	oval	office	spells	trouble	bush	whiff	scandal	conspiracy	air	american	media	addicted	conspiracy	theories	opposition	democrats	smarting	election	victory	dig	dirt	long	takes	finally	turns	colonels	operating	knowledge	approval	white	house	disaster	bush	americans	running	country	rest	world	story	confirms	suspicions	bush	administration	hellbent	eliminating	enemies	means	legal	illegal	involvement	military	personnel	putsch	suggests	return	days	cia	organize	coups	assassinations	interests	record	long	washington's	eternal	discredit	cia's	attempts	kill	fidel	castro	involvement	coups	guatemala	chile	president	clinton	thought	closed	book	nefarious	activities	apparently	clinton	era	turns	interlude	coup	making	acceptable	cold	war	chavez	pettyminded	populist	great	damage	country's	economy	legitimately	elected	president	venezuela	involvement	attempt	remove	force	puts	washington	firmly	wrong	side	international	law	worse	point	time	mockery	george	bush's	war	international	terrorism	world	involved	struggle	seek	attack	destroy	law	order	legitimate	government	throws	law	order	legitimacy	wind	suits
281--------------
topic:	121	states	united	coup	government	american	countries	bustani	venezuela's	venezuela	constitutional
file label:venezuela
washington	apr	xinhua	farce	coup	d'etat	staged	venezuela	leader	coup	sooner	warmed	coveted	seat	beat	retreat	pressure	pressure	domestically	internationally	news	media	coup	venezuela	united	states	surprise	people	coup	d'etat	unusual	means	seize	country's	political	power	unpopular	means	tide	world	today	token	coup	venezuela	incurred	widespread	condemnation	objection	international	community	including	latin	american	states	united	states	government's	reaction	gave	food	thought	venezuela's	constitutional	president	chavez	blame	coup	tune	attitude	united	states	coup	occurred	countries	pull	turnip	mud	venezuela	restored	constitutional	rule	chavez	returned	power	york	times	shocking	story	government	senior	military	officials	contact	venezuelan	coup	organizers	months	met	coup	organizers	times	gave	consent	overthrow	chavez	faced	media's	reports	white	house	pentagon	statements	publicly	acknowledged	contacts	leaders	coalition	opposition	factions	part	coup	denied	supported	pentagon	spokesperson	clarke	step	explain	deputy	assistant	defense	secretary	maurer	western	hemisphere	affairs	met	venezuelan	armed	forces	supreme	commander	inspector	general	lucas	rincon	december	year	clear	united	states	supports	democracy	support	coups	unconstitutional	activity	united	states	supports	democracy	maurer	meeting	rincon	united	states	inform	venezuela's	constitutional	government	coup	attempt	rincon	effect	office	presidency	chavez	implemented	independent	foreign	policy	step	united	states	respects	united	states	iraq's	saddam	regime	thorn	eye	flesh	removed	chavez	visit	opec	member	states	stop	baghdad	held	talks	saddam	addition	united	states	disgusted	cuban	government	castro	chavez	government	close	relationship	cuban	government	major	reason	united	states	happy	change	government	venezuela	coup	occurred	latin	american	countries	backdrop	involvement	guideline	determining	rejection	support	government	country	baton	domestic	foreign	policies	accord	national	interests	matter	supporting	democracy	signboard	united	states	surprised	united	states	chimed	venezuela's	coup	organizers	early	excited
282--------------
topic:	98	chavez	venezuela	america	oil	power	america's	american	policies	country	opec
file label:venezuela
elected	president	people	venezuela	hugo	chavez	published	reins	power	presidential	palace	caracas	rapid	events	changing	power	venezuela	putschists	enjoy	popular	base	venezuelan	people	military	country	endorse	coup	government	pedro	carmona	supported	america	america	country	support	putschists	immediately	power	venezuela	posturing	respect	country	america	declared	democracy	victorious	venezuela	america	called	action	military	generals	supported	capitalist	bankers	victory	democracy	venezuela	circumstances	hugo	chavez	power	popular	process	promoting	constitutional	reform	plan	carrying	extensive	economic	reforms	led	reelection	july	president	venezuela	year	term	number	observers	reasons	america's	opposition	chavez	support	venezuela	generals	carried	coup	domestic	foreign	plans	policies	chavez	series	domestic	reforms	agriculture	energy	banking	sectors	describing	communism	capitalism	futile	chavez	caused	business	leaders	bankers	capitalist	distance	paved	opposition	power	laws	leaders	economy	deviant	unfair	leaders	organised	stagemanaged	street	demonstrations	chavez	biggest	trade	commercial	unions	sector	army	borders	venezuela	chavez	faced	america's	hostility	american	officials	acknowledged	occasions	thinking	ways	ousting	chavez	presidential	palace	caracas	power	chavez	refused	accept	america's	biding	called	washington	numerous	occasions	stop	intervening	country	accused	america	killing	innocent	children	people	afghan	war	met	mo'ammar	qadhafi	saddam	hoseyn	presidents	libya	iraq	longterm	enemies	washington	close	relationship	cuban	leader	fidel	castro	combination	chavez's	performance	policies	brought	wrath	american	president	bush	extent	failed	hide	anger	visit	peru	meetings	peruvian	officials	bush	spoke	america's	dislike	chavez	american	secretary	state	powell	announced	annual	report	american	congress	account	hugo	chavez's	closeness	countries	dependent	america	considered	trustworthy	pawn	latin	american	region	powell	stressed	venezuela	era	military	rule	country	play	effective	role	america's	policies	latin	america	instances	american	hostility	chavez	mention	oil	policy	opec	years	chavez	caused	opec	oil	policies	strengthened	face	positions	adopted	oil	consumers	managed	great	extent	adopt	policies	aligned	oil	producing	states	oil	crises	emerged	led	reduced	oil	prices	market	adopted	positions	supply	oil	opec	reduced	oil	prices	supported	chavez	venezuela	called	errant	member	opec	member	follow	concerted	decisions	opec	observe	quotas	dismiss	effects	intensification	middle	east	crisis	iraq's	initiative	crude	oil	political	weapon	washington	debate	extensive	oil	embargo	supporters	israel	events	days	venezuela	america's	support	putschists	america	guarantee	flow	venezuelan	crude	oil	overthrowing	chavez	seizing	power	venezuelan	presidential	palace	dependent	generals	people	venezuela	thwarted	america	finally	america	prescribes	liberal	democracy	fails	accord	democratic	principles	world	bush	administration's	support	venezuelan	putschists	testament	attachments
283--------------
topic:	121	states	united	coup	government	american	countries	bustani	venezuela's	venezuela	constitutional
file label:venezuela
issue	coup	farce	staged	venezuela	long	american	background	world	media	reports	comments	conjectures	white	house	pentagon	denied	supporting	oppositions	venezuela	stage	coup	world	easily	fooled	judge	official	statements	government	coup	time	abortive	coup	place	united	states	show	slightest	sympathy	regret	breakingoff	venezuela's	democratic	system	white	house	state	department	expressed	satisfaction	steppingdown	hugo	chavez	venezuela's	constitutional	president	wept	claimed	chavez	blame	coup	chavez	resumed	power	senior	official	charge	national	security	commented	chavez	reflect	ship	sailing	wrong	direction	long	event	jose	bustani	directorgeneral	organization	prohibition	chemical	weapons	voted	office	organization's	special	plenary	session	existed	american	background	special	meeting	initiated	united	states	single	goal	fulfill	instigating	opcw	member	states	vote	bustani	reported	united	states	earlier	held	secret	meeting	number	countries	promising	pay	long	due	opcw	membership	fees	vote	united	states	united	states	picking	chavez	bustani	time	chavez	office	venezuelan	president	pursued	independent	foreign	policy	step	united	states	areas	visits	opec	member	states	paid	visit	baghdad	maintained	close	relationship	cuba	eyesores	united	states	bustani	hoped	baghdad	member	opcw	united	nations	conduct	arms	inspections	country	united	states	bustani	wanted	intolerable	disrupt	plan	launching	military	strike	iraq	major	media	united	states	unmasked	attitude	government	cope	farce	venezuela	pointed	coup	called	coup	coup	long	united	states	thinks	york	times	united	states	inclined	put	friendly	faces	presidential	palace	latin	american	nations	matter	faces	wearing	army	uniforms	reminds	witty	remark	president	franklin	roosevelt	days	questioned	reporter	united	states	supported	coldblooded	dictator	latin	america	roosevelt	gave	vivid	reply	dictator	son	bitch	united	states	son	bitch	turns	dictionary	united	states	definition	democratic	regime	subjected	double	standards	simpler	terms	interests	united	states	sovereignty	nations	socalled	values	democracy	human	rights	likes	dwell	count	attachments	jfjb	apr
284--------------
topic:	138	argentina	bush	de	la	administration	economic	spanish	bush's	president	rua
file label:argentina
bush's	policy	argentina	signals	shift	approach	washington	jan	years	month	president	bill	clinton's	economic	advisers	told	mexico	hours	economic	default	chaos	streets	clinton	ordered	unpopular	multibilliondollar	bailout	objections	congress	support	prominent	republican	governor	george	bush	texas	argentina	barreled	similar	default	weeks	bush	bailout	call	decision	argentina	suffer	consequences	economic	mismanagement	aides	argue	circumstances	mexico	appeared	ready	reforms	needed	time	cash	argentina	heeded	repeated	warnings	policies	leading	financial	disaster	bush's	reaction	biggest	international	economic	crisis	presidency	telling	risky	approach	kind	national	economic	bankruptcies	dominated	washington's	dealings	world's	emerging	markets	late	clinton	administration	fearing	economic	contagion	loans	teetering	governments	thailand	indonesia	south	korea	russia	bush's	aides	adopted	policy	call	tough	love	meant	reverse	expectation	capitals	world	big	strategically	important	washington	find	prevent	fiscal	political	collapse	bush	promised	policy	presidential	campaign	time	approach	tested	turkey	ran	deep	trouble	spring	bush's	national	security	aides	warned	time	abandon	welllocated	ally	government	medicine	international	monetary	fund	prescribed	washington	joined	bailout	fair	senior	administration	official	noted	week	clear	consistent	hard	line	argentina	white	house	treasury	officials	calculated	send	message	bush	administration	united	states	reluctant	financial	firefighter	markets	bet	bailout	message	bush's	aides	interviews	week	hoped	force	officials	developing	countries	foreign	investors	work	problems	relying	huge	aid	packages	international	monetary	fund	washington	commonplace	mexico	approach	needed	approach	john	taylor	undersecretary	treasury	international	affairs	follow	policy	bail	bondholders	improves	market	aspects	bush	policy	treasury	officials	clinton	era	shied	dispensing	steady	stream	advice	countries	condition	meet	western	aid	contrast	argentina	crisis	treasury	secretary	paul	o'neill	invisible	rarely	commenting	country's	approaching	default	violent	protests	led	resignation	president	fernando	de	la	officials	o'neill	supported	decision	imf	cut	argentina's	loans	failed	meet	fund's	demands	fiscal	restraint	washington's	message	argentina's	president	eduardo	duhalde	straightforward	workable	plan	talk	president	bush	talked	specific	steps	expected	argentine	government	white	house	official	familiar	bush's	periodic	calls	letters	de	la	series	successors	weeks	find	administration	kinds	conversations	argentina	works	support	bush's	approach	carries	considerable	risk	possibility	argentina's	government	abandon	freemarket	leanings	tight	fiscal	banking	controls	country	embraced	strong	international	monetary	fund	support	decade	considerable	doubt	argentina	agree	kind	hemispheric	freetrade	agreement	bush	de	la	side	year	major	goal	administration	imf	united	states	fund's	largest	shareholder	sharp	criticism	denying	loans	argentina	previously	approving	aid	country	emergency	loan	put	august	o'neill's	close	supervision	critics	bush's	decision	pull	plug	aid	argue	imf	bush	administration	callous	abandoning	ally	sensitive	moment	argue	clinton	bush	administrations	acted	sooner	steer	argentina	doomed	efforts	defend	peg	peso	dollar	administration	imf	officials	respond	aided	argentina	long	thought	reasonable	chance	political	leaders	reform	pulled	plug	senior	administration	official	clear	collapse	happen	sooner	spending	billions	weeks	inevitable	happened	longtime	critics	fund	applauded	bush	administration's	stance	leftwing	antiglobalization	activists	conservative	economists	argued	fund	interventionist	clinton	years	allowed	investors	reckless	bets	assumption	lending	agencies	rescue	wrong	hopeful	transition	world	countries	lenders	learn	risk	allan	meltzer	carnegie	mellon	university	headed	congressional	panel	years	advocated	sweeping	imf	world	bank	throwing	money	problems	hope	copyright	york	times	company
285--------------
topic:	19	argentina	fund	financial	imf	government	argentina's	economic	argentines	country	bush
file label:argentina
argentina's	chaos	raises	doubts	monetary	fund	washington	dec	deadly	riots	argentina	collapse	government	multibillion	dollar	bailout	awry	raised	fresh	questions	effectiveness	international	monetary	fund	financial	policies	united	states	fund's	leading	shareholder	latin	american	european	government	leaders	today	joined	protesters	buenos	aires	wall	street	traders	financial	experts	putting	part	blame	argentina's	problems	lending	agency	clinton	bush	administrations	monetary	fund	showed	callousness	failing	give	aid	argentina	early	month	country's	economic	program	designed	imf	approval	forcing	painful	austerity	measures	citizens	fund	mistake	repeatedly	offering	loans	argentina	indications	country's	policies	unworkable	delaying	day	reckoning	criticisms	contradictory	increase	pressure	imf	bush	administration	articulate	clear	policy	financial	rescue	efforts	fire	judged	successful	treasury	secretary	paul	o'neill	office	publicly	denouncing	multibillion	dollar	bailouts	fail	outright	foreign	governments	bad	policymaking	investors	bad	bets	practice	bush	administration	clear	stance	bailouts	international	financial	policy	priority	peru's	finance	minister	pedro	pablo	kuczynski	complained	today	fund	bungled	dealings	argentina	adopting	inconsistent	policies	turns	passive	inflexible	fund	partly	blame	fund	sound	alarm	time	hard	line	incredibly	difficult	told	peruvian	radio	hubert	vedrine	french	foreign	minister	assailed	imf	abandoning	longtime	client	imposing	demands	excessive	wrong	time	french	united	states	significant	fund	shareholders	called	lending	agency	step	involvement	argentina	recover	handwringing	jeopardizing	money	american	plumbers	carpenters	o'neill	supported	multibillion	loan	argentina	august	backed	large	rescue	packages	turkey	strategic	ally	faced	tough	financial	problems	argentina's	crisis	worsened	weeks	bush	administration	officials	firm	position	allowing	imf	call	withholding	additional	loans	people	involved	fund's	deliberations	harshest	critics	imf	put	blame	argentina's	current	plight	succession	governments	buenos	aires	monetary	fund	called	government	officials	account	sooner	argentina	adopted	strict	fixed	currency	regime	overhauled	banks	early	tamed	inflation	spell	glowing	economic	success	story	subsequent	governments	allowed	spending	grow	control	building	foreign	debt	impossible	maintain	argentina	fell	deep	recession	years	government	beseeched	imf	stay	solvent	work	problems	backed	clinton	bush	administrations	imf	rescue	beginning	late	year	idea	country	defend	fixed	currency	political	touchstone	avoiding	default	billion	foreign	debt	allowing	continue	good	relations	foreign	investors	terms	aid	program	wrenching	government	agreed	slash	spending	deep	recession	increase	chances	making	debt	payments	schedule	argentina	core	economic	policies	avoided	problem	charles	calomiris	finance	economics	professor	columbia	university	sounding	alarm	argentina	months	imf	clinton	bush	administrations	stay	denial	wanted	problem	fall	else's	watch	tough	call	cut	aid	calomiris	argued	delaying	fund	helped	argentina	dig	deeper	hole	show	leadership	happen	early	face	catastrophe	michael	mussa	imf's	chief	economist	spring	fund	justified	providing	aid	argentina	late	year	disagreed	decision	fund	bush	administration	continue	aid	program	august	situation	argentina	deteriorated	repair	fund	mistake	august	mussa	situation	controllable	difficulty	calls	easier	hindsight	mussa	acknowledged	political	economic	situation	argentina	stable	move	delay	debt	payments	devalue	currency	ran	risk	rattling	financial	markets	causing	financial	implosion	region	contrast	watching	argentina	wrestle	finances	period	months	financial	markets	anticipated	possibility	default	chances	contagion	viewed	minimal	difficult	place	blame	argentina's	economic	program	squarely	fund	policy	designed	argentina	objections	fund's	economists	august	meeting	imf	headquarters	fund	officials	told	domingo	cavallo	argentina's	economy	minister	country	delaying	debt	payments	argentina	determined	pay	debts	full	fixed	currency	place	fulfilling	viewed	promise	citizens	creditors	told	years	pesos	good	dollars	outlined	strict	fiscal	policies	claimed	meet	obligations	december	cavallo	resorted	freezing	bank	accounts	raiding	pension	funds	find	hard	currency	debt	payments	collapse	looked	imminent	fund	decided	suspend	aid	program	appeared	chance	success	unique	elements	argentina's	demise	add	doubts	wisdom	bailouts	doubts	grown	years	major	financial	rescue	effort	including	mexico	thailand	indonesia	south	korea	russia	brazil	intense	scrutiny	left	albeit	widely	varying	reasons	fund	officials	privately	avoid	financial	bailouts	altogether	lesson	argentina	find	people	supposed	helping	streets	copyright	york	times	company
286--------------
topic:	35	sanctions	mdc	zimbabwe	president	mugabe	tsvangirai	government	leader	court	africa
file label:argentina
closely	monitoring	situation	argentina	bush	administration	closely	monitoring	situation	argentina	escalating	economic	crisis	led	wave	bloody	street	violence	looting	white	house	thursday	argentina	valued	ally	friend	united	states	monitoring	developments	argentina	concerned	events	white	house	spokesman	ari	fleischer	told	reporters	regular	news	briefing	argentine	president	fernando	de	la	rua	declared	national	state	siege	wednesday	night	ordered	additional	security	forces	streets	control	violence	left	people	dead	hundreds	wounded	arrested	argentina's	worst	unrest	decade	copyright	people's	daily	online	rights	reserved
287--------------
topic:	15	la	de	president	opposition	government	wednesday	congress	buenos	aires	party
file label:argentina
argentine	leader	quits	economy	begins	free	fall	buenos	aires	dec	president	fernando	de	la	rsigned	today	halfway	fouryear	term	swamped	violent	protests	looting	erupted	government	failed	reverse	deepening	economic	crisis	resignation	letter	delivered	congress	late	day	violent	food	riots	protests	cities	demonstrators	killed	today	bringing	death	toll	protests	began	early	wednesday	president	ditch	effort	form	unity	government	today	leading	opposition	party	rejected	announced	leave	argentina	widening	budget	deficits	heavily	indebted	foreign	lenders	battling	prevent	defaults	series	budget	cuts	patchwork	economic	programs	country	lacks	coherent	economic	monetary	strategy	consensus	de	la	rresignation	put	country's	future	hands	moderate	opposition	party	controls	congress	begun	blocking	president's	policies	ramuerta	president	senate	argentina's	provisional	president	hours	congress	decides	prepare	elections	year	law	president	installed	months	congress	change	play	hand	largely	left	opposition	leaders	including	president	carlos	sanem	senator	eduardo	duhalde	lost	de	la	elections	takes	power	expected	face	tough	choices	defeated	indecisive	de	la	raced	recession	declining	exports	wall	street	analysts	predicted	argentina	devalue	currency	unhinging	peso	unusual	onefor	link	dollar	move	prices	spur	growth	making	country's	goods	attractive	prove	ruinous	millions	borrowers	nation's	banking	system	loans	country	repayable	dollars	pesos	de	la	rgovernment	collapsed	surprising	rapidity	police	fired	shotguns	demonstrators	front	palace	tear	gas	seeped	presidential	offices	fires	filled	grand	boulevards	avenues	buenos	aires	towers	black	smoke	thousands	demonstrators	massed	set	bonfires	front	congress	presidential	palace	day	riot	police	including	horseback	stormed	crowds	afternoon	clubbing	people	reinforcements	fired	water	cannon	rubber	bullets	defiant	crowds	chanted	assassins	assassins	assassins	making	scenes	anarchy	reminiscent	turbulent	days	military	rule	deaths	today	demonstrators	looters	arrested	police	officers	reported	hurt	disturbances	capital	violence	today	looting	rioting	argentina's	provinces	wednesday	damage	private	businesses	food	stores	de	la	reclared	state	siege	days	wednesday	giving	suspend	constitutional	rights	freedom	assembly	speech	giving	free	rein	arrest	assumption	emergency	powers	appeared	incite	greater	protests	beginning	outpouring	thousands	people	wednesday	night	streets	buenos	aires	banging	pots	pans	demanding	de	la	rresignation	attempt	save	government	de	la	national	television	wednesday	night	apologized	people	disappointment	administration's	performance	called	opposition	party	justicialist	party	participate	national	unity	government	bring	ideas	programs	call	rebuffed	de	la	rld	closest	aides	choice	tape	televised	resignation	address	nicolas	gallo	senior	personal	aide	de	la	rold	reporters	late	afternoon	president	decided	resign	streets	began	calm	text	speech	resignation	assure	peace	gallo	told	reporters	president	wanted	avoid	suffering	history	judge	de	la	administration	sad	day	added	opposition	party	leaders	called	devaluation	peso	suspension	payment	country's	debts	suggesting	business	consumer	loans	valued	dollars	revalued	peso	amounts	reduce	debt	loan	amounts	benefit	individuals	income	expected	decline	percent	percent	peso	devaluation	scheme	designed	middleclass	people	home	mortgages	car	loans	valued	dollars	losers	bank	lenders	loans	fully	repaid	losers	argentine	businesses	owe	dollar	debts	collect	revenue	pesos	home	greater	number	devalued	pesos	repay	dollar	loans	economy	stabilized	grow	transition	government	governor	adolfo	rodrez	saa	san	luis	province	influential	member	opposition	de	la	rdecline	began	october	resignation	vice	president	carlos	alvarez	government's	handling	charges	bribes	paid	opposition	senators	pass	labor	law	de	la	rruling	alianza	coalition	centrists	social	democrats	fractured	cabinet	revolving	door	officials	constantly	changing	economic	policies	october	coalition	suffered	devastating	defeat	legislative	elections	gave	opposition	control	houses	congress	cabinet	officials	wednesday	publicly	accused	buenos	aires	governor	carlos	ruckauf	vice	president	powerful	leaders	opposition	instigating	looting	overthrow	government	emergency	meeting	cabinet	wednesday	ministers	debated	openly	confront	governor	ruckauf	charges	treason	aides	de	la	rgued	federal	government	seize	governor	ruckauf's	buenos	aires	provincial	police	force	order	control	rioting	surged	workingclass	neighborhoods	surround	capital	city	de	la	rsitated	declared	state	siege	failed	bring	peace	ruckauf	considered	major	presidential	contender	copyright	york	times	company
288--------------
topic:	44	marx	debt	argentina	billion	argentina's	finance	government	foreign	creditors	cavallo
file label:argentina
finance	minister	argentina	resigns	post	uncertainty	argentina's	precarious	financial	situation	deepened	yesterday	daniel	marx	finance	secretary	resigned	marx	stepped	argentina	paid	million	shortterm	debt	owed	local	banks	forcing	pension	funds	buy	government	bonds	payment	december	hold	default	public	debt	argentina	struggling	public	debt	totaling	billion	years	recession	discussing	decision	marx	suggested	time	oversee	government's	negotiations	creditors	cycle	personal	deal	marx	added	work	government	capacity	formalized	agreed	continue	work	national	debt	issues	argentina	weeks	working	economy	minister	domingo	cavallo	marx	persuade	argentina's	foreign	creditors	accept	interest	rates	existing	debts	domestic	creditors	agreed	duress	swap	roughly	billion	obligations	loans	marx	foreign	consultations	proceeding	schedule	doubt	marx's	job	tougher	international	monetary	fund	decided	week	delay	release	billion	aid	needed	cover	budget	shortfall	months	political	infighting	eroded	government's	ability	adhere	zerodeficit	rule	favored	imf	promised	cavallo	marx's	resignation	national	strike	thursday	union	members	shopkeepers	unemployed	workers	brought	country	close	standstill	strikers	protesting	federal	budget	cuts	restrictions	withdrawals	bank	accounts	cavallo	instituted	banking	controls	dec	stave	run	argentina's	banks	depositors	worried	peso's	fixed	onetoone	exchange	rate	dollar	broken	devaluation	cavallo's	insistence	contrary	withdrawing	dollars	bank	accounts	sudden	widespread	drop	deposits	threatened	choke	economic	activity	worsen	country's	financial	troubles	controls	sign	financial	pressures	argentina	vincent	truglia	analyst	moody's	newsquote	indicative	difficult	situation	country	continues	marx	declined	interview	favored	imposing	restrictions	marx	finance	secretary	december	career	private	finance	stint	board	argentina's	central	bank	finance	secretary	effectively	economy	minister's	deputy	specific	responsibility	public	debt	marx	job	resignation	replacement	economy	ministers	jose	luis	machinea	ricardo	lopezmurphy	return	cavallo	government	technical	knowledge	strong	relations	argentina's	foreign	creditors	won	considerable	respect	home	marx	favoring	marketbased	regulatory	solutions	economic	problems	reputation	shared	julio	dreizzen	resigned	finance	undersecretary	oct	citing	personal	reasons	marx's	departure	pave	miguel	kiguel	economist	justicialist	opposition	party	join	cavallo's	team	thursday	argentina's	president	fernando	de	la	rua	met	carlos	sanem	president	leader	justicialists	discuss	economic	strategy	appointment	kiguel	succeed	marx	bring	justicialists	de	la	rua's	ruling	coalition	forming	sort	national	unity	government	address	economy	copyright	york	times	company
289--------------
topic:	120	argentina	duhalde	government	country	aires	president	buenos	argentines	economy	economic
file label:argentina
argentina	braces	currency	fall	buenos	aires	nostalgia	runs	deep	argentina	faltering	economy	produced	epicsized	default	country	thrust	worst	crisis	democracy	restored	argentines	obsessed	triumphs	variety	nostalgia	appears	emerging	call	ford	falcon	syndrome	reference	classic	gasguzzler	inefficient	argentine	automakers	continued	turn	droves	years	disappeared	showrooms	man	economists	leading	step	time	country's	president	eduardo	duhalde	argentina's	weeks	years	crippling	recession	duhalde	questioning	argentina's	decadelong	pursuit	free	market	reforms	solution	appointment	congress	wednesday	finish	years	left	term	vacated	expresident	fernando	de	la	rhe	peronist	duhalde	promoting	number	emergency	measures	turn	clock	liberal	economic	reforms	friday	president	duhalde	asked	congress	broad	powers	country's	decadeold	currency	regime	pegs	peso	dollar	intervene	banking	system	institute	price	controls	protect	local	industry	jobs	approved	overwhelmingly	house	congress	late	saturday	expected	passed	senate	yesterday	international	monetary	fund	washington	traditional	protectionists	buenos	aires	thought	devaluation	painful	analysts	concerned	duhalde	follow	return	protectionism	failed	policies	dominated	country's	economy	century	expresident	carlos	menem	changed	decade	ushered	era	stability	defy	gravity	pursuing	crash	argentines	rest	latin	america	rejected	decade	christopher	ecclestone	head	investment	boutique	buenos	aires	trust	duhalde's	embrace	partly	explained	nature	peronists	argentine	literary	giant	jorge	luis	borges	referred	good	bad	incorrigible	party	founded	gen	juan	domingo	peron	long	dominated	argentine	politics	deft	mix	populist	policies	nationalist	rhetoric	political	patronage	weekend	poll	aresco	consultancy	showed	percent	argentines	highly	favor	duhalde's	stated	economic	plans	percent	giving	medium	approval	indication	public	confidence	time	country	desperate	investment	international	aid	prevent	economic	crisis	exploding	unclear	duhalde	turn	clock	wanted	starters	wariness	economists	expected	percent	devaluation	spark	return	chaotic	days	late	inflation	rampant	bread	computer	parts	marked	percent	anticipation	devaluation	inflation	fill	expected	billion	budget	deficit	year	government	officials	rescue	package	billion	needed	imf	lenders	country's	cashstrapped	banks	forced	accept	lesservalued	pesos	loans	dollars	collapse	expect	government's	plan	reviving	country's	moribund	economy	elicit	support	fact	contrary	swarm	powerful	lobbies	representing	foreign	companies	descended	buenos	aires	fight	government	plans	introduce	price	capital	controls	government	heat	plans	violate	privatization	contracts	signed	decade	unilaterally	rates	foreignowned	utilities	charge	public	services	water	gas	steering	economy	disaster	breaking	fundamental	concepts	savings	rule	law	abel	viglione	senior	economist	local	tank	fiel	matter	economic	policy	place	sort	trust	takes	years	entire	generation	rebuild	stiffest	opposition	argentines	widespread	fatigue	caused	successive	austerity	drives	limiting	bank	withdrawals	month	overwhelming	majority	argentines	prefer	stability	current	economic	model	shortcomings	disorder	closed	economy	surveys	show	percent	public	opposes	convertibility	currency	regime	devalue	shameless	maria	estevez	schoolteacher	earns	month	hold	hostage	force	buy	goods	bought	cheaper	quality	imported	blaming	globalization	argentines	point	corrupt	politicians	indifferent	institutions	precipitating	current	crisis	ambitious	economic	program	work	requires	strong	leader	popular	support	implement	duhalde	lacks	successfully	rallied	country's	political	class	duhalde	vice	president	menem	twotime	governor	buenos	aires	province	dogged	allegations	corruption	career	reputation	oldstyle	party	boss	defeat	polls	posted	worst	showing	peronist	presidential	candidate	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
290--------------
topic:	170	companies	argentina	foreign	peso	package	debt	banks	dollar	dollars	duhalde
file label:argentina
foreign	firms	furiously	lobby	argentina	buenos	aires	foreign	multinational	companies	avoid	billions	losses	furiously	lobbied	argentine	lawmakers	government	today's	final	vote	emergency	legislation	devalue	peso	country's	decadeold	currency	parity	dollar	foreign	banks	telecommunications	transport	energy	companies	expected	collectively	lose	billions	dollars	lawmakers	approve	president	eduardo	duhalde's	controversial	economic	package	presidential	spokesman	eduardo	amadeo	duhalde	stunned	intense	efforts	reverse	package	amadeo	president	told	calls	life	groups	touch	economic	package	passed	argentina's	house	late	saturday	night	expected	gain	easy	passage	senate	today	frantic	lobbying	saturday	banks	phone	companies	petroleum	firms	spain	analysts	estimate	stand	collectively	lose	billion	companies	worried	duhalde's	proposal	devalue	peso	scrap	policy	convertibility	peso's	worth	dollar	attracted	foreign	investment	companies	promised	profits	pesos	worth	dollars	rocksolid	link	peso	dollar	argentine	exports	overpriced	manufacturers	moved	door	brazil	expensive	operate	argentina	broke	government	pay	pensioners	state	workers	prevent	run	banking	system	maintained	limit	cash	withdrawals	political	analysts	fear	return	street	violence	devaluation	measure	passes	companies	seek	avoid	losses	raising	prices	food	medicine	saturday	congress	began	debating	emergency	package	grant	vast	special	powers	economy	duhalde	argentina's	president	weeks	announced	argentina	pay	creditors	billion	owed	package	legislation	seeks	expense	foreign	domestic	companies	ease	pain	increasingly	angry	middle	class	largest	south	america	debt	dollars	percent	personal	debt	argentina	dollars	debt	held	middle	class	duhalde	proposes	converting	mortgages	car	loans	consumer	debt	pesos	argentine	peso	devalued	percent	expected	car	loan	worth	foreign	banks	control	deposits	argentina	dollar	debt	remain	constant	matter	devaluation	peso	duhalde	agree	resisted	lobbying	aides	banks	losses	plans	gas	exports	direct	money	shoring	banks	foreign	companies	reverse	portion	emergency	package	proposes	decade	billing	dollars	gas	pump	fixed	cellular	phone	services	water	power	bills	foreign	companies	spain	invested	heavily	latin	america	issue	argentina	resolves	crisis	fear	argentina	break	promises	contracts	nations	dire	times	successful	argentina	reference	eduardo	curia	independent	economist	buenos	aires	continuing	effect	ripple	effect	hit	initial	direct	investment	argentina	suppliers	chain	supply	impacted	meril	markely	houstonbased	director	tax	accounting	services	south	america	kpmg	foreign	companies	state	transportation	phone	energy	companies	form	indexing	raise	prices	compensate	expected	widening	gap	peso	dollar	companies	investments	totaling	billion	argentina	state	department	investment	petroleum	gas	telecommunications	energy	copyright	miami	herald
291--------------
topic:	59	source	united	monterrey	argentine	report	countries	lebanon	argentina	crisis	international
file label:argentina
international	conference	financing	development	opened	monterrey	march	telam	photo	monterrey	mexicochoked	hushed	voices	astounded	guessing	correctly	dilemma	chicken	egg	argentine	crisis	converted	grotesquely	international	monetary	fund	imf	endorse	concrete	aid	country	presumable	good	intentions	board	members	technicians	approval	george	bush	comment	private	dialogue	la	nacion	diplomatic	source	united	states	legion	colleagues	attending	united	nations	conference	financing	development	opened	yesterday	monterrey	mexico	striding	hastily	large	facilities	international	business	center	cintermex	sketched	explanation	argentina	leading	case	era	pays	dearly	mistakes	manages	earns	spends	inevitably	succumb	bankruptcy	happening	countries	concept	room	negotiation	apparently	monterrey	bush	full	agenda	contacts	chief	executives	mexico's	president	vicente	fox	canada's	prime	minister	jean	chretien	trading	partners	north	american	free	trade	agreement	nafta	slipped	source	lost	escalator	eduardo	duhalde's	agenda	departure	country	assumed	presidency	calls	key	meeting	friday	imf's	managing	director	horst	koehler	attend	accompanied	economy	minister	jorge	remes	lenicov	occasions	floor	addressing	world	minutes	minutes	topic	discussion	monterrey	consensus	greater	assistance	developed	countries	underdeveloped	fact	approved	consensus	arrives	wednesday	duhalde	meet	fox	spearheading	explanation	argentine	situation	bush	possibility	clear	mexican	officials	principle	virtual	plan	place	step	step	listen	commented	la	nacion	learned	foreign	minister	carlos	ruckauf	foreign	secretary	jorge	castaneda	talked	political	economic	common	knowledge	small	groups	argentine	crisis	political	economic	latin	american	diplomat	accredited	remarked	formula	question	hold	mystery	rapprochement	united	states	indispensable	extricate	strategy	permit	duhalde	receive	clear	signal	imf	call	elections	days	lame	duck	waiting	successor	explained	source	commented	argentine	position	alternative	reference	point	united	states	detriment	brazil	view	internal	external	vicissitudes	facing	fernando	henrique	cardoso	day	day	weak	geostrategic	plans	moments	time	exerting	pressure	pressing	speed	world	turns	chief	executives	immersed	signing	document	la	nacion	told	argentine	ambassador	united	nations	arnoldo	listre	clue	direction	heading	shows	organization	market	economy	accepted	fundamental	factor	development	cold	war	rid	northsouth	confrontation	document	monterrey	consensus	free	trade	amendment	distortion	agricultural	subsidies	treatment	external	debt	fundamental	pivotal	points	benefit	argentina	secretary	general	kofi	annan	time	situation	indebted	undeveloped	countries	consideed	avoid	repetition	crisis	documents	argentina	ranks	place	capita	income	world	bank's	report	development	substantially	devalued	figure	default	currency	board	arrangement	clue	gap	existed	exists	reality	statistics	international	credit	agencies	sources	crisis	bind	imf	belttightening	government	money	ergo	belttightening	money	money	belttightening	source	united	nations	observed	ironically	chile	iraq	president	ricardo	lagos	saddam	hussein	argentina	bush's	full	support	chile	iraq	lagos	saddam	fortunately
292--------------
topic:	54	economy	economic	israel	argentine	budget	time	management	confidence	government's	israeli
file label:argentina
front	local	currency	rapidly	decreases	sign	economic	trouble	months	shekel	lost	percent	dollar	argentine	peso	lost	percent	cut	loose	dollar	peg	february	economic	crisis	reaches	argentine	proportions	doubt	drastic	measures	warning	lights	flashing	confidence	local	currency	essential	element	sound	economy	argentine	president	eduardo	duhalde	instill	confidence	argentina's	citizens	devaluation	peso	bet	dollar	lose	mk	joseph	paritzky	undermine	confidence	israeli	shekel	told	israelis	transferring	wealth	rapid	drop	shekel	sign	confidence	waning	paritzky's	misguided	advice	israel's	citizens	digging	ruins	time	differences	israeli	argentine	economies	argentine	government's	debt	dollars	israeli	government's	debt	fortunately	shekels	structure	israeli	economy	basically	sound	hand	israel	war	significant	proportion	resources	devoted	defense	sound	management	economy	essential	element	conduct	war	palestinian	violence	terrorism	good	economic	management	israel	trouble	overcoming	present	crisis	management	judging	steps	finance	ministry	speak	mismanagement	started	economic	forecasts	published	ministry	year	clear	economy	recession	ministry's	bureaucrats	forecast	continued	growth	economy	based	false	premises	anticipated	government	revenues	underestimates	defense	expenditures	totally	unrealistic	budget	prepared	government's	income	taxes	started	fall	short	forecast	bureaucrats	woke	finally	ministry	realized	budget	prepared	drastically	revised	curtailed	talk	big	cuts	budgets	ministries	naught	attempt	coalition	afloat	money	parceled	left	government's	budget	deficit	increased	reasonable	bounds	bloated	budget	passed	knesset	sounds	ministerial	congratulations	advertising	great	political	triumph	budget	disaster	sooner	approved	knesset	talk	began	major	revision	finance	minister	dramatically	announced	emergency	economic	plan	based	largescale	tax	increases	overtaxed	economy	time	letup	continuing	battle	governor	bank	israel	supposed	partner	managing	israel's	economy	plans	law	restrict	authority	governor	illreceived	international	financial	community	dropped	time	emergency	economic	plan	process	torn	bits	political	interest	groups	constituencies	affected	plan	shekel's	decreasing	daily	clear	problem	israel	facing	time	economic	dimension	israel	war	eyes	directed	palestinian	acts	terror	idf's	moves	destroy	network	terror	judea	samaria	successful	management	economy	front	essential	resources	needed	defense	causing	damage	economy	copyright	ha'aretz	rights	reserved
293--------------
topic:	120	argentina	duhalde	government	country	aires	president	buenos	argentines	economy	economic
file label:argentina
argentine	president	quits	week	march	vote	nixed	buenos	aires	argentina	ended	leaderless	penniless	yesterday	interim	president	resigning	week	job	country	fearing	bloodshed	loss	savings	frozen	banks	plunged	chaos	looting	deadly	riots	forced	fernando	de	la	rua	resign	president	week	argentina	fell	deeper	anarchy	interim	leader	adolfo	rodriguez	saa	quit	sunday	losing	party's	support	bickering	politicians	agreed	crisis	subject	argentina	pressure	quick	elections	scheduled	march	decided	yesterday	choose	interim	leader	rule	de	la	rua's	mandate	argentina's	biggest	political	force	peronists	ruled	withdrew	support	rodriguez	saa	accusing	powerhungry	convinced	parties	accept	stead	peronist	heavyweight	senator	eduardo	duhalde	governor	carlos	ruckauf	vast	buenos	aires	province	parties	peronists	national	salvation	government	consensus	person	charge	duhalde	de	la	rua's	cowed	radical	party	agreed	senior	party	official	federico	storani	madness	hold	elections	interim	government	power	apply	measures	crisis	landed	provisional	presidency	hours	head	house	congress	eduardo	camano	called	senators	deputies	hold	legislative	assembly	today	rubberstamp	duhalde's	appointment	country	million	people	living	fear	shop	looting	violence	killed	people	de	la	rua	quit	riots	erupted	friday	misery	fouryearold	recession	grinds	latin	america's	thirdlargest	economy	declared	moratorium	foreign	debt	payments	rodriguez	saa's	act	leader	commerce	halted	cash	withdrawals	limited	month	stop	panic	run	banks	ordinary	argentines	pouring	streets	night	hot	summer	night	banging	pots	pans	demanding	eventually	receiving	resignation	de	la	rua	unpopular	economy	minister	aides	rodriguez	saa	suspected	corruption	shameful	stop	stealing	argentina	woman	lining	bank	rain	dawn	cash	year	celebrations	canceled	fear	violence	worst	crisis	country's	military	coup	security	chief	juan	jose	alvarez	capital	strongly	reinforced	patrols	federal	police	coast	guard	border	police	today	millimeters	civil	war	leopoldo	moreau	radical	party	congressman	heavy	guard	president's	pink	palace	plaza	de	mayo	rumblings	intervention	military	subordinate	civilian	rule	moratorium	part	argentina's	public	debt	heralding	biggest	default	history	long	expected	markets	dumped	argentine	bonds	year	rodriguez	saa's	plans	currency	caused	alarm	planned	alleviate	cash	crunch	minting	argentino	circulate	pesos	backed	pegged	onetoone	dollars	decade	providing	monetary	stability	inflation	argentino	backed	bricks	mortar	government	buildings	pink	palace	analysts	warned	devalue	spark	inflation	president	george	bush	yesterday	worried	argentina	confident	country	stay	chooses	leader	offering	stabilized	worried	argentina	important	part	hemisphere	bush	plan	sustain	economic	growth	work	copyright	ha'aretz	rights	reserved
294--------------
topic:	99	de	oil	military	la	president	caracas	rua	government	rodriguez	state
file label:argentina
peronist	head	argentina	march	elections	buenos	aires	veteran	peronist	adolfo	rodriguez	saa	set	country's	interim	president	yesterday	power	devastating	economic	crisis	toppled	president	fernando	de	la	rua	lawmakers	meeting	special	session	late	yesterday	expected	approve	lawyer	provincial	governor	president	de	la	rua	brought	violent	protests	economic	steps	left	people	dead	people	injured	job	peronist	party	spurned	rodriguez	saa	expected	serve	president	elections	tentatively	scheduled	march	leader	elected	finish	years	de	la	rua's	term	populist	ruled	western	arid	province	years	rodriguez	saa	deal	economy	brink	defaulting	billion	public	debt	struggling	percent	unemployment	appointment	restore	argentina's	largest	party	peronists	country's	dominant	political	force	widespread	social	disturbances	late	previous	financial	crisis	rocked	south	american	country	million	party	controls	congress	rodriguez	saa	yesterday	told	television	network	todo	noticias	announce	economic	plan	ease	crisis	work	behalf	country	work	hard	honesty	reportedly	suggested	argentina	declare	moratorium	payments	crushing	debt	load	vowed	leave	place	key	economic	law	pegging	argentine	peso	dollar	polls	majority	argentines	support	keeping	peg	place	increased	calls	economists	political	leaders	devaluation	economy	rebound	argentines	wary	surging	unemployment	rising	poverty	salary	cuts	tax	hikes	deeply	skeptical	calls	belttightening	centerpiece	policies	advocated	de	la	rua	economy	minister	domingo	cavallo	austerity	plans	pablo	arteaga	dentist	wife	state	worker	salary	fallen	percent	months	message	people	de	la	rua	political	leaders	de	la	rua	resigned	thursday	days	protests	food	riots	supermarket	looting	complained	peronists	forced	office	disregarding	call	join	government	national	unity	lastditch	effort	remain	office	declaration	state	emergency	failed	quell	rioting	rodriguez	saa	reportedly	easing	banking	restrictions	imposed	de	la	rua	limiting	amount	money	argentines	withdraw	accounts	run	banks	threatened	devaluation	peso	copyright	ha'aretz	rights	reserved
295--------------
topic:	46	mugabe	land	votes	government	economic	party	majority	country's	mugabe's	zanupf
file label:argentina
argentina	wing	sweeps	victory	face	economic	crisis	rightwing	peronist	party	partido	justicialista	justice	party	won	elections	sunday	october	argentine	senate	chamber	deputies	absolute	majority	results	elections	expected	view	catastrophic	economic	situation	majority	country's	citizens	argentina	evergrowing	rate	poverty	defies	logic	enormous	landpopulation	ratio	richest	soil	south	america	governing	class	south	american	country	proved	utterly	unable	terms	population	basically	removed	reality	country	poles	part	political	social	distance	parts	fact	rightwing	party	conquered	absolute	majority	argentina	proves	desperation	people	population	voted	spoiled	void	votes	pj	peronist	receive	seats	high	chamber	government	alliance	president	de	la	rua	chamber	deputies	pj	members	election	government	alliance	lost	seats	real	challenge	facing	argentina	economy	manage	survive	onslaught	international	credit	vultures	ready	tear	members	marcia	miranda
296--------------
topic:	44	marx	debt	argentina	billion	argentina's	finance	government	foreign	creditors	cavallo
file label:argentina
imf	refuses	argentina	pay	bn	usd	debt	argentina	expecting	receive	billion	usd	state	meet	expenses	unfavourable	report	submitted	thomas	reichmann	decided	moment	lend	money	imf	managed	argentina	current	crisis	billion	dollar	debt	foreign	banks	successive	year	recession	government	week	imposed	restriction	movement	capitals	limiting	sum	usd	person	marcia	miranda	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru
297--------------
topic:	19	argentina	fund	financial	imf	government	argentina's	economic	argentines	country	bush
file label:argentina
violent	protests	argentina	president	duhalde	calls	calm	buenos	aires	president	eduardo	duhalde	yesterday	pleaded	patience	works	country's	economic	crisis	call	night	violent	clashes	solve	country's	problems	weeks	told	local	radio	hours	tens	thousands	argentines	streets	country	potbanging	demonstration	people	reported	injured	overnight	clashes	government	palace	casa	rosada	dozens	people	reportedly	detained	duhalde	office	january	argentina's	president	month	vowed	government	unveil	economic	program	rescue	country	years	recession	argentines	hope	duhalde	years	promise	term	leave	country	track	daily	protests	engulfed	argentina	popular	rage	boiled	duhalde's	decision	devalue	peso	percent	tighten	banking	freeze	locked	argentines	savings	bank	accounts	beleaguered	president	mention	widely	despised	banking	freeze	presented	nettlesome	challenge	threeweekold	administration	give	argentines	savings	prompting	allout	collapse	financial	system	banking	curbs	put	place	december	thenpresident	fernando	de	la	rua	halt	run	banks	devaluation	peso	banks	simply	money	return	depositors	late	friday	night	argentines	impatience	peaked	duhalde	faced	widespread	protest	assumed	presidency	similar	protests	forced	predecessors	office	driving	rain	argentines	banged	pots	pans	plaza	de	mayo	protest	banking	freeze	shouting	insults	country's	political	leaders	supreme	court	banks	argentines	blame	plunging	country	worst	economic	crisis	decades	thousands	crowded	street	corners	downtown	streets	cities	country	including	mar	del	plata	cordoba	mendoza	rosario	salta	protest	marked	organized	protest	led	labor	neighborhood	groups	called	protest	email	internet	began	peaceful	protest	downtown	buenos	aires	turned	violent	riot	police	riding	motorcycles	tear	gas	rubber	bullets	disperse	hundreds	peaceful	demonstrators	rockthrowing	youths	responded	rally	wound	demonstrators	lingered	streets	hours	early	yesterday	crowds	began	melting	dawn	people	chanted	venting	anger	duhalde's	government	artwriterhight	objectsubheaderposition	objectarttitlehlang	documentlayers	documentwrite	copyright	ha'aretz	rights	reserved
298--------------
topic:	138	argentina	bush	de	la	administration	economic	spanish	bush's	president	rua
file label:argentina
head	spanish	government	jose	maria	aznar	told	argentine	president	fernando	de	la	rua	spain	absolute	confidence	argentina's	economy	madrid	strategic	bet	argentina	overcoming	economic	crisis	official	sources	spain	private	dinner	held	tuesday	moncloa	palace	seat	spanish	presidency	leaders	examined	argentina's	economic	problems	electoral	setback	suffered	governing	alliance	elections	held	sunday	argentina	sources	spanish	foreign	ministry	dinner	attended	aznar	de	la	rua	part	inauguration	international	congress	spanish	language	valladolid	center	day	spanish	economy	minister	rodrigo	rato	interior	minister	mariano	rajoy	foreign	minister	josep	pique	present	rato	explained	macroeconomic	measures	applied	spain	de	la	rua	time	argentine	government	aiming	deficit	spanish	foreign	ministry	aznar	de	la	rua	spoke	iberoamerican	summit	place	november	lima	relations	european	union	latin	america	spanish	leader	advantage	occasion	argentine	head	state	telephone	conversationwhich	place	monday	president	george	bush	progress	military	operations	afghanistan	conversation	bush	aznar	spoke	situation	argentina	spanish	president	told	de	la	rua
299--------------
topic:	193	government	argentina	economic	sign	billion	argentine	national	signing	juneidi	gcep
file label:argentina
president	fernando	de	la	rua	economy	minister	domingo	cavallo	summit	george	bush	fernando	de	la	rua	changed	changed	case	blame	fruitless	effort	belongs	stinginess	government	mix	shortsightedness	irresponsibility	argentine	leaders	argentina	show	world	decision	reschedule	public	debt	default	disguise	success	economic	plan	stake	spite	politicians	meet	requirements	detail	agreement	national	government	provinces	connection	revenue	sharing	peronism	send	clearcut	message	budget	passed	congress	accord	governors	clear	sign	public	spending	brought	control	control	budget	message	political	community	large	president	top	ministers	deficit	program	enjoys	consensus	messages	regard	conveyed	thousand	channels	powerful	head	national	security	council	condoleeza	rice	bush's	chief	adviser	put	bluntly	public	remarks	thursday	close	representing	interference	country's	domestic	affairs	rice	mention	political	leadership	argentina	resolve	economic	crisis	argentine	leaders	leanings	supposed	demonstrate	commitment	economic	austerity	determination	confirm	honor	institutional	timetable	de	la	rua	administration	president	turn	supposed	give	evidence	ability	manage	conflict	de	la	rua	waited	anxiously	saturday	evening	cabinet	chief	chrystian	colombo	announce	accord	peronist	governors	signed	monday	sign	budget	influence	governors	provincial	lawmakers	colombo	called	vain	sort	crisis	guilty	party	government	paying	price	delays	putting	plan	wake	electoral	defeat	interest	payments	public	debt	maturing	naive	peronism	readily	reach	agreement	defeated	administration	federal	pact	necessarily	won	elections	give	funding	domingo	cavallo	meeting	bush	president	hands	empty	wanted	ignore	economic	issues	summit	realized	meeting	demands	stated	met	put	emphasis	economic	issues	area	failure	foregone	conclusion	argentina	days	making	world's	newspapers	worst	sort	fulfill	requirements	needed	gain	washington's	active	verbal	support	bush	brought	discipline	administration	connection	case	argentina	government	institutions	state	department	inclined	argentina	security	council	albeit	enthusiastically	treasury	department	spite	good	offices	number	man	john	taylor	cool	approach	argentina	head	paul	o'neill	adopted	argentine	government	fresh	funds	order	reschedule	debt	funds	international	monetary	fund	treasury	utopian	multilateral	agencies	guarantee	argentine	offers	creditors	de	la	rua	administration	urgent	argentina	imf	disburse	billion	scheduled	december	internal	discipline	cases	washington	convinced	argentina	deserved	bailing	act	united	states	asked	argentina	unable	show	modicum	internal	political	discipline	advance	political	accords	reached	york	noteworthy	argentine	government	supported	government's	present	future	war	afghanistan	argentine	foreign	ministry	previously	stopped	importuning	brasilia	brazilian	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	argentine	president	de	la	rua	meet	jointly	bush	agreed	meeting	countries	sao	paulo	sort	meeting	lent	noteworthy	twist	argentine	case
300--------------
topic:	130	chirac	choices	imf	crisis	argentina	international	president	director	conversation	general
file label:argentina
france's	chirac	argentina	choices	text	report	french	news	agency	afp	paris	january	telephone	conversation	wednesday	director	general	international	monetary	fund	imf	horst	koehler	president	jacques	chirac	stressed	argentina	choices	imposed	crisis	reporting	conversation	elysee	spokeswoman	catherine	colonna	head	state	expressed	hope	argentine	authorities	choices	needed	country's	future	france	partners	contact	international	financial	institutions	president	ready	support	action	imf	view	attaining	solution	crisis	jacques	chirac	colonna	raised	imf	director	general	situation	number	countries	lebanon	connection	consolidation	economic	reforms	country	france	special	ties
301--------------
topic:	0	political	brazilian	social	government	economic	minister	argentina	central	south	system
file label:argentina
foreign	minister	celso	lafer	transmitted	warning	united	states	secretary	state	colin	powell	spent	minutes	yesterday	brazilian	government	argentina	enter	state	social	rebellion	open	front	geopolitical	instability	south	america	powell's	reaction	planalto	source	interest	attention	brazilian	government's	perception	argentina's	future	pessimistic	economic	agenda	overwhelming	source	commented	requires	creation	central	bank	capable	administering	floating	exchange	rate	system	regime	inflation	goals	establishment	safety	network	debilitated	financial	system	restructuring	tax	policy	elaboration	law	ensures	fiscal	discipline	imf	country	attain	basic	economic	social	political	stability	contaminate	subcontinent	lafer	warned	la	plata	social	rebellion	foreign	minister	celso	lafer	carried	dramatic	warning	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	government	conversation	secretary	state	colin	powell	brazilian	foreign	minister	stated	leave	argentina	fate	george	bush	administration's	choice	pave	social	rebellion	contaminate	countries	continent	create	area	political	instability	planet	argentina	theme	covered	lafer's	talks	yesterday	commerce	secretary	don	evans	trade	representative	robert	zoellick	planalto	palace	source	reaction	powell	evans	zoellick	interest	attention	translating	roughly	minister	lafer	americans	financial	cost	international	rescue	argentina	led	imf	multilateral	credit	agencies	cost	fighting	chaos	social	political	military	forms	continent	south	america	living	complex	problems	venezuela	colombia	president	andres	pastrana	unable	combat	guerrilla	activities	revolutionary	armed	forces	colombia	failed	attempt	negotiate	agreement	militants	brazilian	diplomacy	pastrana	lost	time	credibility	failed	bet	negotiations	farc	letting	control	territory	size	switzerland	heart	continent	add	country	argentina	list	problems	growth	dangerous	focus	social	dissatisfaction	tending	express	institutional	control	argentine	society	divorcing	political	parties	national	institutions	environment	radical	responses	germinate	authoritarian	regimes	formation	guerrilla	groups	ill	effects	argentine	crisis	contaminate	nearest	countries	paraguay	uruguay	bolivia	guarantee	political	destabilization	region	bypass	chile	memories	military	dictatorship	strong	ignore	fact	years	countries	including	brazil	peru	ruled	generals	entire	political	diplomatic	argument	conversations	representatives	bush	government	transcends	economicfinancial	discussions	subject	restricted	encompasses	survival	democracy	south	america	approach	sensitize	authorities	geopolitical	arguments	account	impact	destabilization	south	america	world	complicated	middle	east	india	pakistan	afghanistan	badlyresolved	problems	eastern	europe	strategic	vision	assessment	planalto	palace	emphasized	lafer's	meetings	powell	zoellick	evans	brazilian	government's	perception	argentina's	future	pessimistic	stress	factor	content	volume	country	steps	absolutely	reconstruction	understanding	sources	close	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	guiding	analyses	economic	department	underway	neighboring	country	information	gathered	brazilian	government	establishment	central	bank	years	abdicated	traditional	functions	currency	credit	manager	capable	working	floating	exchange	rate	system	regime	inflation	goals	brazil's	central	bank	safety	network	financial	system	health	extremely	undermined	restructuring	tax	policy	tax	collection	machine	create	conditions	government	draw	budget	uncertainties	fiscal	responsibility	law	imposes	discipline	relationship	central	government	provinces	minimum	economic	agenda	overwhelming	comments	highranking	member	brazilian	government	command	president	managed	create	strong	political	coalition	explained	survival	instinct	argentines	unable	attain	basic	economic	social	political	stability	affect	brazil	answer	question	nature	brazilian	foreign	minister	surely	resort	ortega	gasset	circumstances	save	save
302--------------
topic:	1	dollar	pesos	exchange	rate	bank	percent	market	dollars	government	central
file label:argentina
tomorrow	government	announce	comprehensive	economic	social	plan	based	complete	elimination	dollar	monetary	standard	conversion	deposits	loans	pesos	owing	conversion	rate	owe	conversion	rate	government	making	difference	rate	official	dollar	banks	el	cronista	reported	giving	bond	certificate	future	revenues	tax	crude	oil	exports	billion	part	assistance	imf	reportedly	provide	billion	debts	continue	converted	barring	minute	announcement	expected	allowing	peso	float	freely	imf	timetable	easing	bank	withdrawal	restrictions	restrictions	established	domingo	cavallo	tightened	successor	jorge	remes	lenicov	country's	savers	barred	accessing	billion	pesos	dollars	deposit	constraint	combined	difficulties	withdrawing	money	daily	salary	directdeposit	accounts	heightened	social	unrest	people	staged	marches	banging	pots	pans	demonstrations	protest	prevailing	economic	situation	analysts	feel	fledgling	duhalde	administration	making	mistake	convertibility	resolving	problems	arise	decision	foregone	conclusion	argentina	rest	world	imf	convince	cavallo	abandon	onetoone	peg	orderly	fashion	fact	minister	president	fernando	de	la	rua	stepped	opposed	move	drove	imf	lending	support	show	support	billion	aid	support	deficit	tactic	budgetary	discipline	turned	impossible	shattering	rigid	convertibility	system	putting	entire	sectors	economy	commission	lack	confidence	led	massive	withdrawals	savings	safer	places	outflows	forced	banks	government	set	limits	cavallo	curbs	withdrawals	minister	roque	fernandez	worst	mistake	history	argentine	economy	influential	businessman	arnaldo	musich	fiel	american	economic	research	considered	inexcusable	mistake	burdensome	legacy	provisional	governments	abbreviated	de	la	rua	administration	decided	quickly	currency	board	system	tomorrow	month	office	announce	comprehensive	plan	overcome	worst	crisis	country's	history	duhalde	confirm	billion	immediately	mitigate	social	disaster	money	approved	world	bank	interamerican	development	bank	accompanied	remes	talk	tomorrow	assistance	fulfill	promise	create	million	jobs	provide	basic	health	care	undertake	small	infrastructure	projects	president	mention	imminent	political	reform	call	congress	enact	rest	remarks	solely	economy	millions	argentines	obsessed	years	mortgage	loans	debts	small	midsized	companies	automotive	loans	paid	identical	amount	pesos	secured	loans	personal	loans	debts	amounts	repaid	government	defray	cents	dollar	debtors	pay	pesos	banking	restrictions	time	remain	unchanged	tacit	assumption	timetable	easing	speeded	conditions	permit	confirmed	coupons	savers	buy	frozen	funds	collateral	president	break	budget	press	promise	issue	currency	controlled	manner	exceed	billion	pesos	undertake	difficult	task	reversing	sudden	decline	wealth	percent	pushing	inflation	percent	dollar	allowed	float	government	promised	imf	depends	anticipated	aid	billion	billion	requested	washington	adjustment	index	variable	points	duhalde	administration's	economic	plan	based	monetary	benchmark	govern	issuance	pesos	refunding	deposits	dollars	frozen	accounts	jorge	remes	lenicov's	economic	team	developed	index	formula	including	parameters	projected	annual	inflation	rates	government's	budget	exchange	rate	dollar	issuance	money	central	bank	system	serve	financial	tool	redrafting	contracts	involving	economic	activity	postconvertibility	era	similar	celic	index	brazil	unidad	de	fomento	chile	august	monetary	benchmark	brazil	employs	chile	common	today's	world	based	inflation	target	basis	target	rule	developed	determine	interest	rate	needed	hit	target	price	rises	amount	money	issued	winds	function	variables	target	monetary	policy	tool	promoting	economic	recovery	august	year	chile	incremental	adjustment	mechanism	included	exchange	rate	band	ceiling	floor	monetary	adjustments	based	called	unidad	de	fomento	indexing	system	included	price	indices	adjusted	contracts	accordance	actual	brazil	started	inflation	target	devaluation	stabilized	real	achieved	inflation	government	explained	theoretically	tools	unidad	de	fomento	adjusting	deposits	savers	remain	subject	restrictions	year	index	persumably	applied	months	ruled	include	loans	converted	pesos	renes	working	group	technicians	imf	world	bank	treasury	department	central	bank	brazil	services	crises	mexico	indonesia	aires	ambito	financiero	spanish	february	adds	main	measures	announced	tomorrow	dirty	float	dollar	decision	abolish	official	exchange	rate	pesos	dollar	move	single	floating	rate	central	bank	intervene	market	prevent	sudden	swings	intermediate	solutions	completely	ruled	periodic	adjustments	exchange	rate	crawling	peg	band	oblige	central	bank	intervene	selling	dollars	defend	peso	government	wanted	wait	sealed	accord	imf	float	negotiations	weeks	remes	flying	washington	february	idea	move	receiving	international	aid	possibility	released	billion	pending	disbursement	december	order	bolster	reserves	peso	allowed	float	total	release	salary	directdeposit	accounts	employees	access	entire	salary	making	cash	withdrawals	savings	accounts	completely	eliminate	ceiling	pesos	month	set	january	version	banking	restrictions	measure	benefit	percent	workers	earn	amount	subject	restrictions	danger	economic	team	aware	additional	money	withdrawn	straight	purchases	dollars	represent	percentage	income	individual	save	measure	designed	send	signal	people	gradually	regain	confidence	raising	withdrawal	ceiling	case	regular	savings	accounts	pesos	month	consideration	yesterday	limit	month	continue	apply	possibility	gradual	increases	future	deposits	converted	pesos	time	deposits	dollars	converted	pesos	official	rate	converted	refund	timetable	dollar	deposits	initially	maintained	words	refunds	january	agreement	reached	imf	economic	conditions	improve	timetable	moved	people	cash	possibility	keeping	portion	time	deposit	dollars	president	duhalde	requested	altogether	ruled	legal	problems	implementing	case	time	deposits	pesos	refund	timetable	maintained	withdrawals	cash	march	installment	checks	time	deposits	money	subject	refund	timetable	purchases	restrictions	credited	demand	deposit	accounts	purchase	items	cars	apartments	installments	time	deposits	divided	depending	amount	endorsed	transfer	time	deposit	authorized	case	purchase	account	holder	move	bank	big	drawback	system	sell	real	estate	pesodenominated	installment	checks	cashed	future	smaller	transactions	pay	part	purchase	issuance	bonds	indexed	dollar	central	bank	start	issuing	bonds	pesos	offer	public	alternative	purchasing	dollars	idea	issue	shortterm	bills	days	indexed	ongoing	depreciation	arrangement	attractive	implicit	interest	rate	devised	easy	drum	demand	country	fullfledged	default	withholding	oil	exports	conclusion	government	decided	reverse	percent	tax	planning	levy	exports	raised	money	sending	bad	signal	overseas	discriminating	sectors	acknowledged	senior	source	economy	ministry	event	oil	industry	asked	advance	taxes	due	consideration	couple	weeks	withholding	arrangement	implemented	apply	exports	bonds	dollars	compensate	banks	banks	receive	longterm	government	bonds	dollars	compensation	losses	arise	conversion	pesos	balance	sheets	estimates	arrangement	devised	red	ink	total	billion	pesos	billion	banks	agreed	option	wold	hold	financial	claim	government	place	entire	burden	debtors	forced	declare	bankruptcy	relief	phase	swap	remains	dollars	banks	pension	retirement	fund	management	companies	insurance	companies	exerted	strong	pressure	prevent	accounts	converted	pesos	managed	bonds	foreign	currency	supposed	start	collecting	interest	april	government	move	comprehensive	debt	rescheduling	including	international	local	investors	involved	phase
303--------------
topic:	1	dollar	pesos	exchange	rate	bank	percent	market	dollars	government	central
file label:argentina
government	day	transactions	floating	foreign	exchange	market	difficulties	weeklong	currency	holiday	surprise	dollar	hit	pesos	closed	intervention	central	bank	average	prices	exchange	offices	dollar	closing	yesterday	bid	asked	wholesale	market	dollar	closed	bid	asked	exchange	rate	retail	market	started	pesos	fell	sharply	early	afternoon	hours	exporters	began	settling	positions	exporters	held	dollar	top	point	started	selling	exchange	rate	fell	trader	pushing	dollar	restrictions	exist	foreign	exchange	market	scant	trading	liquidity	yesterday	day	holders	salary	directdeposit	accounts	access	money	theoretically	threatened	increase	amount	money	circulation	shortage	pesos	automatic	tellers	city	buying	dollars	pesos	good	deal	alfredo	piano	head	company	bears	economist	miguel	bein	secretary	economic	policy	overshooting	happened	dollar	pesos	expected	people	support	prices	pesos	dollar	banks	refrained	selling	greenbacks	deciding	dollars	banks	possession	central	bank	decided	late	friday	suspend	order	midsized	private	banks	moved	retail	foreign	currency	market	regulations	central	bank	explained	transfers	authorization	rules	transactions	wholesale	market	stand	central	bank	remain	closed	explained	trader	frontline	bank	calm	due	fact	importers	authorization	jorge	fogwill	scotiabank	quilmes	importers	market	reason	heat	long	continues	central	bank	intervene	added	traders	expecting	calm	session	today	yesterday	central	bank	decides	spell	transfers	authorize	future	atmosphere	heats	financial	district	exchange	offices	boards	exchange	offices	focus	greatest	attention	buenos	aires	financial	district	thousands	people	turned	corner	sarmiento	san	martin	agencies	concentrated	pedestrian	mall	strolling	shopping	center	savers	peered	exchange	office	windows	price	walking	blocks	comparing	quotes	people	line	endure	midday	heat	buy	sell	coveted	greenback	people	lines	foul	mood	sell	dollars	stand	line	hours	shouted	alberto	laboratory	executive	persons	standing	immediately	asked	unison	price	sell	common	scene	savers	avoid	long	lines	miguel	unemployed	man	entre	rios	offered	avoid	wait	pesos	stand	line	customer	soft	drink	care	business	presence	crowd	prompted	occasional	passersby	express	animated	opinions	engage	philosophical	debates	conditions	country	great	buying	dollars	poor	people	country	shouted	believes	peso	anymore	reply	unauthorized	street	traders	flourished	expecting	killing	federal	police	cleared	area	operation	morning	arrested	illegal	currency	traders	corrientes	san	martin	police	presence	stop	seeking	savers	wait	line	sell	street	traders	give	cents	fabian	attorney	crowd	people's	nerves	heat	atmosphere	noon	march	argentine	production	movement	demonstrations	banks	wound	scaring	savers	decided	conduct	transactions	day	live	level	hysteria	jorge	retiree	years	recall	comparable	situation	weak	dollar	sends	merval	index	percent	buenos	aires	stock	exchange's	merval	index	fell	percent	day	single	foreign	exchange	market	shares	fell	prices	corrected	visavis	exchange	rate	dollar	specialists	felt	peso's	appreciation	dollar	triggered	wave	selling	stock	market	share	prices	set	accordance	higher	exchange	rate	drooped	explained	stock	market's	behavior	hard	predict	coming	days	depend	greenback	result	upward	downward	price	swings	session	traders	wait	trading	volume	hit	million	pesos	board	showed	stocks	higher	unchanged	biggest	losers	acindar	percent	banco	frances	percent	perez	companc	percent	telecom	argentina	percent	strongest	gainers	gas	natural	ban	percent	banco	bansud	percent	instituto	rosembusch	percent	sociedad	comercial	del	plata	percent	merval	index	moved	expected	start	week	dollar	change	spite	major	uncertainty	caused	return	single	foreign	exchange	market	years	peso	equaled	dollar	trends	wednesday	merval	index	posted	sharp	percent	rise	stock	exchange	reopened	point	investors	anticipating	jump	dollar	currency	market	reopened	yesterday	merval	closed	sharply	keeping	trend	days	stock	market	anticipated	dollar	exchange	rate	investors	began	selling	shares	prompted	sharp	drop	merval	index	analysts	trend	stock	market	closely	linked	price	dollar	investors	dollar	trading	pesos	began	selling	shares	profit	view	leopoldo	oilvari	sivori	bacque	sociedad	de	bolsa	behavior	stock	market	linked	exchange	rate	week	rose	expectations	dollar	today	correcting	cents	dollar	investors	bought	shares	months	start	selling	quickly	dollar	exchange	rate	expected	addition	exporters	started	settling	pending	transactions	traders	market	liquidity	pushed	prices	investors	equities	hedging	rise	dollar	greenback	failed	achieve	expected	investors	bought	shares	specific	price	started	selling	earn	spread	dollar	friday	merval	index	closed	marginal	percent	session	traders	predicted	calm	specialists	feel	happen	week	trend	downward
304--------------
topic:	181	creditors	cavallo	marx	giavarini	president	rua	source	la	de	rodriguez
file label:argentina
impression	excursion	government's	top	brass	york	change	picture	game	continuing	buenos	aires	argentina's	creditors	preparing	debt	negotiation	concerns	mind	revealed	piecemeal	tour	headed	fernando	de	la	rua	domingo	cavallo	irritating	bankers	clear	prefer	daniel	marx	minister's	confrontational	style	el	cronista	told	source	investment	bank	visit	closely	issue	aspects	economy	minister's	gradual	loss	credibility	confusion	role	jacob	frenkel	merrill	lynch	economic	team's	apparent	lack	strategy	alliance	government's	obvious	domestic	difficulties	creditors	mind	negotiation	represented	heterogeneous	steering	committee	large	banks	portfolio	administrators	pension	funds	insurers	investors	fact	emerging	markets	creditors	association	emca	meets	today	tuesday	york	deal	argentine	case	wrote	letter	cavallo	consultation	process	important	part	solution	cautioning	argentina	negotiates	creditors	direct	effects	chances	gaining	access	markets	future	cavallo	leave	local	swap	noted	source	marx	understands	importance	menu	gaining	creditors	good	consensus	remission	capital	andor	interest	options	geared	situation	concern	negotiation	generated	leading	role	jacob	frenkel	merrill	lynch's	international	vice	president	source	added	adviser	relationship	merrill	lynch	bothers	creditors	creditors	interpret	strategy	clear	definition	negotiable	source	key	man	finance	secretary	government's	fiscal	margin	spoke	finance	secretary	marx	sufficiently	patriotic	pleasant	personality	market	good	negotiator	left	disaster	government	response	hand	creditors	signals	concrete	support	paper	published	yesterday	cs	boston	bank	noted	statements	washington	suggest	support	precluding	possibility	surprises	faced	crisis	giavarini	accentuates	influence	foreign	minister	adalberto	rodriguez	giavarini	continued	cultivate	role	conciliator	united	states	yesterday	meeting	counterparts	mercosur	market	countries	minister's	current	priority	involves	binding	wounds	opened	colleague	economy	ministry	domingo	cavallo	put	regional	union	general	relations	brazil	risk	zone	rodriguez	giavarini	failed	attend	matters	ministry	meeting	chinese	colleague	preparing	visit	germany	meet	tomorrow	president	fernando	de	la	rua	travel	buenos	aires	evident	weeks	official	responsibility	fundamental	task	tone	cavallo's	tendency	confrontation	conduct	heightened	suspicion	aimed	argentina	disadvantageous	situation	de	la	rua	risking	future	interview	president	george	bush	cavallo	ultimately	participate	president's	order	finance	secretary	daniel	marx	handled	negotiations	restructuring	debt	management	rodriguez	giavarini	foreign	minister	convinced	president	political	disadvantage	entailed	leaving	official	verge	complex	dialogues	treasury	multilateral	financing	agencies	meetings	olivos	weekend	november	resulted	official	decision	appoint	marx	main	negotiator	fine	print	agreements	reached	event	international	holders	argentine	bonds	agree	swap	instruments	yield	high	interest	rates	exceeding	percent	cavallo	delegated	debt	swap	strategy	external	advisers	attorney	horacio	liendo	israeli	economist	jacob	frenkel	foreign	minister	warned	de	la	rua	personally	leap	void	represented	leaving	marx	negotiations	smoothflowing	dialogue	imf	staff	officials	rodriguez	giavarini's	management	place	deluge	doubts	sustainability	plan	announced	cavallo	hours	feverish	contacts	international	diplomats	leaders	resulting	dialogues	communiques	treasury	contents	discussed	agencies	putting	letterhead
305--------------
topic:	193	government	argentina	economic	sign	billion	argentine	national	signing	juneidi	gcep
file label:argentina
jakarta	agency	indonesia	follow	argentina	halt	payment	national	debt	top	economics	minister	dorodjatun	kuntjorojakti	quoted	afp	monday	asked	journalists	indonesia	plans	halt	repayment	billion	national	debt	dorodjatun	declined	comment	country	continue	honor	commitment	international	monetary	fund	coordinating	billion	aid	country	overcome	current	economic	crisis	return	reforms	indonesia's	foreign	debt	stands	billion	billion	government	debt	sunday	argentina	declared	halting	payments	billion	national	debt	biggest	default	history
306--------------
topic:	23	argentina	malan	minister	countries	country	bank	banks	system	mercosur	currency
file label:argentina
finance	minister	pedro	malan	insisted	yesterday	profound	constructive	engagement	part	multilateral	institutions	governments	helping	argentina	malan	approach	period	transition	argentine	crisis	suggests	definition	series	priorities	priority	unshackle	credit	system	modern	economy	function	credit	credit	banks	functioning	payment	system	priority	urgent	told	participants	seminar	euro	brazil	organized	newspaper	malan	criticizes	stance	multilateral	institutions	imf	reforms	argentina	country	receive	financial	degree	uncertainty	prevails	inflation	foreign	exchange	interest	rates	economy's	real	gross	domestic	product	gdp	year	approach	traditional	finance	minister	pedro	malan's	attitude	relation	argentina	jaime	caruana	governor	bank	spain	spanish	central	bank	caruana	argentina	create	broad	program	generates	internal	external	stability	discuss	imf	bank	spain	governor	detail	points	argentina	deal	expand	program	spain	leading	investors	argentina	instability	big	impact	results	spanish	banks	caruana	banks	homework	provisions	investments	argentina	malan	noted	part	constructive	engagement	relation	argentina	group	experts	spent	day	authorities	country	recounting	experiences	situations	argentines	facing	group	bank	mexico	governor	miguel	mancera	dealt	peso	crisis	chilean	central	bank	president	faced	crisis	chilean	gdp	dropped	percent	imf	fiscal	affairs	director	vito	tanzi	expert	restructuring	spanish	debt	brazilian	central	bank	president	gustavo	loyola	lived	time	collor	government's	withholdings	proer	encourage	reorganization	strengthening	national	financial	program	restructure	brazilian	banking	system	argentina's	defense	malan	brazil's	mercosur	partner	sought	define	clarity	fundamental	issues	basic	regimes	foreign	exchange	floating	exchange	rate	regime	monetary	intend	phase	transition	define	inflation	goal	system	important	spain	fiscal	minister	insists	sense	demand	weeks	referring	imf	governments	united	states	malan	defends	single	currency	mercosur	alight	flame	single	currency	region	future	distant	job	consolidating	institutions	political	institutional	sphere	productive	restructuring	modernizing	state	countries	brazil	argentina	uruguay	paraguay	chile	bolivia	minister	radically	opposed	idea	dollarizing	brazilian	economy	yield	brazil's	currency	regional	currency	dollarization	trivial	process	negotiation	country	issues	currency	case	dollar	involving	complex	questions	role	ultimate	lender	role	federal	reserve	supervision	regulation	banks	dollarized	country	malan	dollarization	process	irreversible	minister	believes	tension	brazil	argentina	resulting	floating	real	tend	disappear	neighboring	country	opting	floating	exchange	rate	system	malan	predicts	argentina	competitive	emerges	crisis	calm	needed	ability	oneself	carried	difficulties	moment	emphasizes	minister	mercosur	managed	enormous	technical	effort	exist	region	years	harmonization	statistics	member	countries	bolivia	chile	comparable	today	comparable	statistics	macroeconomic	monitoring	group	finance	ministry	experts	countries	central	banks	meet	regularly	based	effort	statistical	harmonization	announced	december	agreement	basic	convergence	parameters	presidents	countries	endorsed	goals	relation	debt	gdp	nominal	deficits	proportion	countries	gdps	maximum	inflation	small	steps	incapable	recognizing	european	union's	experience	minister	malan	long	marches	start	steps	important	step	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	called	maastricht	search	convergence	parameters	serve	reference	point	talks	experts	countries	minister	malan	important	harmonization	parameters	maastricht	search	convergence	policies	broader	sense	structural	macro	microeconomic	finance	minister	hopes	mercosur	similar	happened	eu	ability	decades	oneself	beaten	countries	dedicate	lamenting	difficulties	insurmountable	problems	unsolvable	malan	defends	posture	set	notion	cynicism	skepticism	work	europeans	future	built	mercosur	countries	chile	bolivia	associate	members	minister	october	elections	brazil	progress	process	making	country	committed	years
307--------------
topic:	20	president	argentina	fernando	henrique	crisis	risk	government	argentine	question	group
file label:argentina
president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	harsh	appraisal	situation	argentina	private	conversation	group	swedish	businessmen	friday	stockholm	face	economic	government	paralysis	rule	risk	breakdown	nation's	institutions	concern	degeneration	democratic	process	argentina	president	stated	meeting's	participants	argentine	question	raised	president	swedish	trade	council	ulf	dinkenspiel	believed	risk	contagion	region	overcome	asked	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	argentina	traveling	europe	complete	evaluation	brazilian	president	solution	argentina	longer	term	due	institutional	risk	appraisal	solution	demand	sacrifices	elites	people	true	restructuring	national	compact	restructuring	relations	provinces	central	government	traditional	question	argentina	president	aggravating	factor	crisis	politicians	running	argentine	process	exclusively	buenos	aires	province	buenos	aires	governor	carlos	ruckauf	fernando	henrique	president	eduardo	duhalde	sharp	insight	scope	crisis	quality	deemed	exercising	office	current	crisis	political	flexibility	favorably	describing	duhalde	president	asked	understanding	support	government	fernando	henrique	heard	interest	attention	diplomatic	jargon	move	group	businessmen	present	told	valor	uncertainties	relation	argentina	involve	future	country's	present	simply	understand	businessman	summarized
308--------------
topic:	47	hatiboglu	argentina	imf	government	mugabe	africa's	mbeki	african	fate	africa
file label:argentina
ankara	aa	yasin	hatiboglu	deputy	chairman	sp	parliamentary	group	claiming	countries	programs	imf	monetary	implemented	experience	fate	government	social	explosion	occurred	argentina	hatiboglu	began	press	conference	held	tbmm	grand	national	hope	minister	economy	dervis	fate	argentine	economics	minister	cavallo	country's	fate	argentina's	claiming	indonesia	malaysia	argentina	imf	programs	implemented	suffered	fate	hatiboglu	called	lessons	developments	argentina	hatiboglu	spoke	government	finally	argentine	government	social	explosion	befallen	argentina	yesterday	argentina	portrayed	fine	argentina	success	imf	brought	point	death	transitory	motion	corpses	happened	argentina	noting	temporary	golden	age	experienced	argentina	hatiboglu	imf	calculate	deliver	actual	death	blow	delivered	blow	hit	argentina	calling	imf	ideal	world	kingdom	imf	hatiboglu	explaining	imf	hands	forces	money	toy	world	palms	hands	hatiboglu	responded	journalist's	question	argentina	intentionally	brought	current	situation	fantasy	world	kingdom	utilizes	imf	business	imf	kemal	dervis	means	country	orient	turkey	choose	countries	means	imf	criticism	government	claiming	family	structure	social	solidarity	turkey	argentina	hatiboglu	charged	means	family	law	efforts	underway	criticizing	policies	government	hatiboglu	spoke	prime	minister	country	brought	prosperity	dragged	musketeers	reference	threeparty	coalition	country	dragged	yasin	hatiboglu	criticized	implementation	program	classical	turkish	divan	literature	taught	schools	prerepublic	postrepublic	literature	taught	stating	intended	bring	matter	agenda	parliamentary	oversight	mechanisms	hatiboglu	wage	war	history	nation	criticizing	appointment	kemal	alemdaroglu	rector	istanbul	university	hatiboglu	noted	failure	discuss	report	higher	education	research	commission	instrumental	charged	president	ahmet	necdet	sezer	appointed	alemdaroglu	aware	allegations	responding	question	yasin	hatiboglu	asserted	calendar	prepared	sp	calendar	news	fact	composed	private	firm
309--------------
topic:	191	argentina	imf	government	foreign	debt	economic	december	capital	case	billion
file label:argentina
december	wednesday	executive	directors	international	monetary	fund	meetings	mondays	wednesdays	fridays	chairmanship	institution's	director	general	germany's	horst	kohler	punctuate	weekly	schedule	meetings	review	subjects	achievements	program	countries	morning	argentina's	turn	victim	explosive	situation	economic	political	social	levels	problem	disposed	hours	economic	targets	government	promised	budget	deficit	reached	board	felt	unable	recommend	releasing	billion	tranche	scheduled	december	part	year's	billion	program	argentina	shortly	institution's	spokesman	thomas	dawson	declared	authorities	reach	program	goals	set	money	measures	government	control	foreign	exchange	limit	flight	capital	regrettable	measures	flexible	eyewitness	cut	dry	accountinglike	decision	civil	servants	power	life	death	country	subject	debate	presentation	report	chile's	thomas	reichmann	chief	mission	buenos	aires	figures	spoke	differences	sensitivity	emerged	issue	remain	closed	months	discussions	argentina	continue	adopted	concession	government	struggling	restructure	domestic	public	debt	avoid	country	simply	default	debt	unconditional	support	essence	agreed	meeting	commitment	inviolable	position	surprising	history	imf	lined	derogations	stopped	counting	number	times	financial	bailout	plans	set	government	difficulty	stopped	counting	unconditional	support	institution	heads	state	virtuous	democratic	political	commercial	economic	interest	united	states	case	russia	brazil	pakistan	case	russia	matter	helping	soviet	giant	consolidate	emerging	democracy	brazil	fund	intervened	october	rounds	presidential	election	support	fernando	henrique	cardoso's	reelection	macroeconomic	options	fell	line	fund's	requirements	contrary	leftist	adversary	luis	inacio	lula	da	silva	case	pakistan	country's	geostrategic	position	current	crisis	serves	justify	avalanche	loans	trade	facilities	granted	islamabad	argentina	worthy	arguments	ten	years	considered	imf's	good	pupils	government	adopted	fixed	parity	dollar	peso	order	stop	unrestricted	inflation	buenos	aires	privatized	washington's	recommendation	public	companies	government	assets	sell	possibility	falling	devaluation	currency	condemned	foreign	capital	maintain	balance	payments	equilibrium	foreign	debt	billion	urgent	inflow	capital	imf	repay	billion	debt	coming	due	december	event	nonpayment	country	find	outcast	international	financial	community	imf	administrators	bookkeepingbased	decision	marks	toughening	policy	america's	republicans	critical	fund's	largesse	called	years	illustration	change	position	united	states	fund's	leading	shareholder	countries	squander	american	taxpayer's	money	arrival	september	ann	krueger	ultraliberal	american	number	imf	argentine	case	falls	bad	time	president	bush	parliamentary	votes	powers	trade	negotiation	matters	green	light	economic	stimulation	plan	dragging	months	president	risk	ruffling	republicans	argentina	priority	americans	confides	member	imf	risk	bankruptcy	chain	reaction	lead	grave	crisis	emerging	nations	economists	limited	brazil	time	lessen	dependence	trade	links	argentina	emerging	nations	calling	foreign	capital	asian	crisis	sharp	ebb	investments	dramatic	impact	argentina	declared	bankrupt	december	fate	million	argentines	depends	current	extremely	perilous	situation	setback	imf	argentina's	national	accounting	magnifying	glass	ten	years	shown	incapable	guaranteeing	country's	financial	equilibrium	countries	submit	demands
310--------------
topic:	132	international	united	states	evil	countries	country	axis	bush	political	world
file label:argentina
argentine	tv	station	todo	noticias	reported	yesterday	president	fernando	henrique	cardoso	saturday	night	telephoned	cordoba	province	governor	jose	manuel	de	la	sota	justicialist	party	pj	served	ambassador	brazil	voice	concern	incidents	country	cardoso	told	de	la	sota	images	protests	plaza	de	mayo	show	country	verge	civil	war	channel's	journalists	commented	reporter	brazilian	president	apparently	advised	de	la	sota	move	elections	initially	slated	march	itamaraty	planalto	palace	confirmed	president's	phone	call	governor	cordoba	legislators	request	action	brazilian	government	concern	spread	brazilian	legislators	violent	attacks	argentine	legislature	sounded	alarm	bells	brazilian	political	arena	point	senators	official	opposition	parties	defended	concrete	support	brazilian	government	argentina	deputy	jose	genoino	workers	party	sao	paulo	wave	looting	threatens	argentine	democracy	asked	brazil	promote	meetings	south	american	continent	serve	intermediary	negotiations	international	institutions	unpredictable	anarchical	situation	dangerous	addition	argentina	countries	crisis	colombia	venezuela	risky	scenario	step	democracy	continent	disaster	brazil	stand	hands	folded	watching	genoino	affirmed	psdb	social	democracy	president	jose	anibal	sao	paulo	cardoso	disposal	argentine	government	talk	international	financial	institutions	noted	brazil	adopt	open	posture	relation	argentina	experiencing	tragedy	jose	agripino	maia	pfl	front	leader	senate	brazil	detached	argentina	disregard	message	crises	devastating	neighboring	country	political	warning	heeded	pays	attention	people	happened	happen	maia	commented	senator	heloisa	helena	workers	party	alagoas	latin	american	countries	join	speak	international	economic	institutions	order	maintain	autonomy	economies	country	abdicates	financial	autonomy	hope	alert	brazilian	government	revise	relationship	imf	analysts	lack	alternative	power	political	scientists	agree	argentina	lacks	political	force	stand	peronism	radicalism	viewed	main	impediment	establishment	political	order	country	usp	sao	professor	emir	sader	believes	peronists	remain	power	elections	slowly	growing	weaker	allowing	room	emergence	leadership	degree	pauperization	brutal	depends	long	takes	peronism	burn	leadership	emerge	sader	political	scientist	argentina	wait	assistance	american	government	latin	america	longer	important	focus	global	security	longer	international	economic	order	sader	affirmed	policy	president	george	bush	permit	decay	concern	security	eyes	pakistan	china	russia
311--------------
topic:	72	states	president	government	united	chien	evil	argentina's	policies	bush	foreign
file label:argentina
profound	economic	crisis	argentina	coincided	wave	social	tension	days	riots	widespread	strikes	attacks	government	buildings	plundering	stores	left	scores	dead	casualties	public	dissatisfaction	increase	people's	anger	country	finally	resulted	collapse	fernando	delaroe's	government	days	protest	misguided	policies	argentina's	politicians	argentina	state	stagnation	fourth	consecutive	years	unemployment	rate	passed	percent	hard	currency	continuously	devalued	foreign	debts	billion	poverty	dominating	country	dangerous	virus	important	point	argentina	enjoyed	imf's	advice	execution	policies	main	problem	caused	shock	result	restrictive	economic	policies	adopted	advice	imf	experts	incidentally	riots	occurred	imf's	announcement	argentina's	debts	clear	argentina's	paralyzed	economy	unable	tolerate	government's	hardline	policies	finally	resulted	situation	witnessing	today	imf	officials	deny	connection	policies	current	situation	reports	imf	executive	delegation	actively	making	argentina's	economy	important	point	argentina's	connections	global	economy	country	attracted	large	amount	foreign	investment	international	companies	american	continent	europe	billion	billion	debt	accounted	foreign	loans	lavished	argentina	addition	imf	government	biggest	investor	argentina's	economy	ignoring	commitments	current	situation	heat	crisis	interim	government	introduced	initiatives	halting	payment	debts	execution	supportive	actions	poor	people	controlling	government	state	expenses	attempts	increase	employment	giving	food	loans	adoption	monetary	policies	ambiguous	points	amount	argentina's	economic	crisis	due	relations	global	economy	effect	european	economies	due	present	stagnation	reaction	countries	international	institutions	government's	policies	instance	halting	payment	debts	finally	fate	awaits	argentina's	crisisstricken	economy
312--------------
topic:	124	prisoners	rumsfeld	united	states	argentine	war	people	lawyers	international	information
file label:argentina
beijing	december	xinhua	china	believes	argentine	government	people	overcome	current	difficulties	revive	economy	maintain	social	stability	chinese	foreign	ministry	spokeswoman	zhang	qiyue	thursday	zhang	remarks	regular	press	conference	asked	comment	current	situation	argentina	zhang	disturbances	shop	robberies	traffic	breakdowns	occurred	argentina	groceries	owned	overseas	chinese	argentine	citizens	chinese	origin	looted	added	argentine	government	declared	emergency	china	concerned	matter	chinese	embassy	argentina	asked	argentine	government	ensure	life	property	safety	overseas	chinese	argentine	citizens	chinese	origin	zhang
313--------------
topic:	12	currency	debt	dollar	percent	billion	peso	creditors	argentine	argentina	rates
file label:argentina
europeans	enthusiastically	holding	hands	euro	currency	long	muchwielded	slogan	moment	argentina	fact	financial	crisis	shaking	buenos	aires	message	choice	currency	reduced	simple	act	political	understand	implications	invisible	proclaim	constitution	peso	worth	dollar	case	argentines	thought	discovered	philosopher's	stone	linking	dollar	guarantee	stability	meant	rid	hyperinflation	running	percent	year	experienced	tale	today	bitter	began	euphoria	social	contract	implemented	carlos	menem	start	presidency	simple	principle	based	pillars	monetary	discipline	liberalism	introducing	currency	board	system	obliged	central	bank	guarantee	pesos	circulation	foreign	currency	reserves	issuing	bodies	issue	notes	equivalent	gold	reserves	held	official	parity	peso	dollar	december	introduce	exchange	controls	devastating	effect	commitment	liberalism	strand	menem	program	lived	promises	privatization	earned	billion	success	established	reputation	buenos	aires	international	markets	real	gauge	confidence	size	national	debt	grew	grew	doubled	billion	making	argentina	number	market	borrower	emerging	economies	general	lack	vigilance	part	international	monetary	fund	principal	role	watchdog	bailing	unstuck	michael	mussa	chief	economist	imf	april	recognizes	paid	attention	growing	budgetary	deficit	national	debt	argentina	position	absorb	impact	devaluation	brazilian	real	fall	brazil	vulnerable	asian	crisis	abandoned	fixed	parity	dollar	economists	market	players	noticed	argentina	overfinanced	credibility	evaporated	quote	expression	expert	stresses	paradoxes	system	bases	sound	paradox	argentine	economy	open	neighbors	latin	america	exports	amount	percent	gdp	imports	result	trade	balance	marked	contrast	balance	payments	deficit	burdened	servicing	debt	countries	live	currency	board	system	notably	hong	kong	chinese	territory	extremely	open	economy	point	exports	exceed	gdp	facilitating	influx	foreign	currency	paradox	selfproclaimed	parity	peso	dollar	enabled	government	private	borrowers	obtain	credit	terms	match	enjoyed	americans	risk	premium	considerable	rates	falling	percent	places	unbearable	burden	government	servicing	debt	revenue	match	creditors	argentine	pension	funds	enjoyed	interest	rates	high	percent	months	percent	national	debt	estimated	billion	held	argentines	weeks	street	demonstrations	culminating	general	strike	december	visible	aspect	civil	war	creditors	debtors	appeals	creditors	phase	debt	rescheduling	involving	billion	held	argentine	funds	completed	november	pressure	imf's	refusal	approve	billion	loan	designed	specifically	finance	minister	domingo	cavallo	put	pressure	private	investors	understood	observers	time	private	debtors	indebted	strong	currency	find	ruined	peso	devaluation	dollarization	generated	support	politicians	president	carlos	menem	today	leader	influential	peronist	faction	finance	secretary	miguel	kiguel	banker	charged	domingo	cavallo	restoring	order	public	finances	final	switch	dollar	stabilize	relations	creditors	debtors	painful	restoring	credibility	loses	virginity	solution	enter	convent	monetary	expert	put	dollarization	currency	board	guarantee	interest	rates	argentine	risk	problem	external	competitiveness	remains	unsolved	peso	devalued	disappears	technically	delicate	credibility	leaves	economically	realistic	solution	backed	technical	experts	floating	currency	risky	argentines	position	forge	social	contract
314--------------
topic:	120	argentina	duhalde	government	country	aires	president	buenos	argentines	economy	economic
file label:argentina
buenos	aires	april	telam	justicialist	deputy	jose	manuel	diaz	bancalari	today	imf	seeking	create	uncontrollable	social	situation	demands	government	hand	confirmed	pj	bloc's	willingness	support	approval	draft	law	bonds	submitted	executive	branch	seeking	create	uncontrollable	social	situation	legislator	stated	morning	referring	demands	presented	imf	country	reaching	agreement	bring	foreign	financing	government's	accounts	analyzing	imf's	responsibility	complex	crisis	country	experiencing	diaz	bancalari	stated	impression	imf	members	money	admitting	degree	coresponsibility	managers	happened	argentina	believes	negotiation	impose	conditions	cheating	case	argentina	cheaters	imf	praised	policies	decade	held	reasonable	agreement	country	reaches	imf	diaz	bancalari	asserted	argentina	country	good	business	room	shady	deals	time	admitted	political	leadership's	mistakes	party	acknowledging	existence	political	vision	infiltrating	peronism	liberal	vision	governments	argentina	arrangements	imf	receiving	kind	aid	perfectly	put	fellow	citizens	work	military	government	asserted	draft	law	executive	branch	swapping	bonds	fixedterm	deposits	believes	senate	debates	approves	today	deputies	debate	issue	tomorrow	pass	wednesday	financial	system	open	confirmed	pj	bloc's	support	work	president	duhalde	diaz	bancalari	expressed	surprise	statements	government	officials	discuss	circles	clarified	willingness	deal	quickly	draft	law	desire	approve	discussing	abstract	responsible	deputy	stressed	bonds	government	issue	depositors	certificates	deposit	bankrupt	banks	move	future	state's	legal	continuity	backing	obligation
315--------------
topic:	83	japan	satellite	space	rocket	aerospace	satellites	launch	japanese	development	launched
file label:spacestation
afternoon	august	delays	due	japan	successfully	launched	rocket	space	tanegashima	space	center	milestone	puts	japan's	aerospace	development	program	track	carrier	rocket	foundation	space	exploration	utilization	hurdle	overcome	realize	astronautical	program	japan	previously	developed	series	launch	vehicles	rockets	primarily	launch	orbit	satellites	order	launch	large	stationary	satellites	japan	developed	series	rocket	major	performance	characteristics	series	rocket	comparable	developed	united	states	european	nations	japanese	aerospace	community	takes	great	deal	pride	achievement	order	compete	united	states	europe	china	japan	decided	drastically	reduce	costs	aspect	rocket	design	manufacture	adopted	simplest	design	implemented	costcutting	measures	attempt	manufacturing	cost	satellite	billion	yen	billion	yen	supposed	generation	rocket	inexpensive	highly	reliable	plan	cost	approach	brought	series	satellite	launch	failures	november	multipurpose	satellite	launched	rocket	enter	predetermined	orbit	destroyed	failure	row	incident	japan	began	redesign	main	engine	rocket	eventually	rocket	developed	addition	carrier	rockets	japan	invested	heavily	development	utilization	satellite	technologies	japan	wishes	build	billion	year	aerospace	industry	centered	commercial	satellite	development	field	satellite	communications	japan's	national	space	development	agency	nasda	spent	million	develop	engineering	test	satellite	satellite	satellite	doubled	capacity	test	satellite	previously	launched	japan	program	puts	japan	lead	providing	mobile	communication	services	asiapacific	region	japan	test	satellite	communication	techniques	introduced	worldwide	japanese	rocket	launch	satellite	military	surveillance	satellites	included	development	plan	japan	prepared	military	space	program	allocated	billion	implement	create	military	surveillance	satellite	system	consisting	optical	satellites	radar	satellites	japan	huge	space	power	plant	plan	proposes	construct	gigantic	solar	power	plant	space	power	generated	converted	microwaves	received	microwave	receiver	stations	earth	converted	electricity	addition	plans	develop	satellites	generation	unmanned	space	lab	space	station	supply	system	space	shuttle	years	decade	stagnating	economy	japan	put	space	exploration	top	priority	item	space	program	japanese	aerospace	industry	ambitious	plan	explore	planets	target	moon	presently	japan	implementing	plans	stages	lunar	major	projects	aimed	delivering	penetrators	moon	collect	data	located	landing	site	apollo	ringshaped	mountain	range	dark	side	moon	selene	project	million	price	tag	launched	comprised	lunar	orbiters	soft	landing	spacecraft	softlanding	vehicle	responsible	data	collection	transmission	earth	processing	japan	determined	major	power	aerospace	national	policy	path	major	military	power	japan	launched	total	satellites	terms	quantity	united	states	russia	addition	takes	part	international	space	station	project	developed	astronauts	japan	strong	aerospace	industry	revenue	trillion	yen	represents	percent	market	share	worldwide	years	stalemate	japanese	government	reorganized	aerospace	development	agency	set	priorities	years	include	spy	satellite	data	relay	satellite	transfer	data	satellites	unmanned	universe	lab	system	test	satellite	communications	broadcasting	observation	satellite	environmental	protection	kibo	japanese	experimental	module	space	station	supply	system	carrier	rocket	launch	spacecraft	mentioned	earlier	japan	increase	global	market	share	aerospace	percent	goal	set	japanese
316--------------
topic:	111	space	wto	people	flight	parmentier	doha	trip	commercial	greenpeace	prize
file label:spacestation
gonna	long	long	time	rocket	man	international	space	station	waldorfastoria	russian	soyuz	capsule	boast	creature	comforts	stretch	limo	bother	increasing	number	wellheeled	executives	celebrities	pay	millions	dollars	spend	months	training	exchange	quick	trip	orbit	dawn	space	tourism	opportunities	view	spaceship	earth	aboveare	rare	visions	future	grand	everyman	shed	planet	earth	briefly	latest	touronaut	buckle	place	tray	table	upright	locked	position	south	african	venture	capitalist	mark	shuttleworth	launched	cosmonauts	spacestation	resupply	flight	yesterday	baikonur	cosmodrome	kazakhstan	farepaying	visitor	station	bootsteps	dennis	tito	businessman	trip	year	people	expressed	interest	soyuz	trip	space	station	notes	tereza	predescu	space	adventures	arlington	va	company	arranges	flights	space	russia's	resupply	flight	scheduled	october	americans	vying	passenger	seat	national	aeronautics	space	administration	associate	administrator	lori	garver	boyband	sync's	lance	bass	aerosmith	rocker	steven	tyler	reportedly	eyeing	future	flight	lot	pentup	demand	emotionally	large	number	people	journey	space	john	logsdon	space	policy	institute	george	washington	university	washington	dc	harris	interactive	surveyed	americans	canadians	willingness	travel	space	tourists	percent	respondents	interested	trip	space	extrapolating	results	space	adventures	commissioned	study	estimates	people	year	pay	apiece	quick	upanddown	suborbital	flight	la	mercury	astronaut	alan	shepard	translates	billionayear	business	received	trip	promotion	gift	percent	respondents	intercontinental	spaceplane	percent	spacestation	tour	orbital	flight	percent	suborbital	journey	space	tourism	happen	frank	sietzen	space	transportation	association	aerospaceindustry	group	arlington	va	strong	growing	space	transportation	system	federal	decision	national	interest	fund	generation	reusable	launch	vehicle	supplant	shuttle	sufficiently	cost	commercially	viable	effort	rocket	rockets	service	commercial	passenger	flights	likens	effort	needed	air	force	undertook	began	developing	aerial	tanker	refuel	jet	fighters	bombers	result	continues	commercially	boeing	commercial	jet	worldwide	government	moving	direction	nasa's	space	launch	initiative	agency	budgeted	billion	development	safer	reliable	cheaper	followons	shuttle	sli	program	designed	develop	thirdgeneration	launch	vehicles	waiting	government	act	companies	groups	worldwide	competition	million	purse	offered	firm	build	fly	twostage	reusable	rocket	carry	people	suborbital	flight	refurbished	flight	weeks	yesterday	canadian	team	paraded	mockup	canadian	arrow	streets	manhattan	pitch	coinciding	shuttleworth's	launch	prize	contest	modeled	prizes	stimulated	growth	commercial	aviation	early	century	prize	foundation	president	peter	diamandis	modern	barnstormers	noting	charles	lindbergh's	recordbreaking	transatlantic	solo	flight	response	offer	aviation	prize	adds	years	flight	commercial	passenger	flights	common	expects	similar	commercial	response	prize	issued	people	paid	large	sums	money	fly	century	barnstormers	world	feet	expects	similar	response	prize	winner	emerges	space	adventures	payments	roughly	customers	fly	astronautical	barnstormers	winner	emerges	early	contest	stimulating	range	related	efforts	ranging	states	set	space	ports	tourism	flights	federal	aviation	administration	development	licensing	requirements	private	commercial	launch	facilities	passenger	operations	dr	diamandis	sees	shortterm	opportunity	suggest	viable	spacetourism	industry	decade	happen	time	frame	tourism's	advocates	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
317--------------
topic:	53	space	humanity	international	station	bush	nasa	o'keefe	agency	president	goldin
file label:spacestation
man	nasa	mission	forget	space	shuttles	orbiting	telescopes	robotic	rovers	mars	mission	nasa	steer	soaring	spacestation	costs	earth	restore	credibility	call	dysfunctional	space	program	weekend	agency	bade	farewell	administrator	daniel	goldin	resigned	years	office	agency	record	president	bush	nominated	sean	o'keefe	deputy	director	white	house's	office	management	budget	replace	white	house	swapping	silvervisored	helmet	space	cadet	green	eyeshade	consummate	bean	counter	goldin	product	aerospace	industry	o'keefe	served	chief	financial	officer	pentagon	navy	secretary	businessschool	professor	o'keefe	space	enthusiast	keith	cowing	nasa	scientist	editor	nasawatchcom	agency	goldin	unmanned	craft	evidence	water	moon	inaugurated	longterm	program	explore	mars	opened	door	competition	aerospace	industry	universities	plan	execute	missions	mandate	cut	costs	goldin	implemented	faster	cheaper	approach	spring	jet	propulsion	laboratory	pasadena	calif	spacecraft	space	development	month	today	space	development	agency's	credibility	fire	manned	spaceflight	international	space	station	completing	year	fulltime	crews	project's	costs	spaceshuttle	program	ballooned	original	estimates	initial	billion	billion	early	bush	administration	planned	scale	involvement	core	station	crew	future	modules	redpenciled	month	task	force	project's	budget	concluded	nasa's	cost	estimate	finishing	core	station	credible	presented	scenario	scaling	station	confirmed	senate	o'keefe	jumps	feet	fiscal	morass	fixing	problem	require	accounting	savvy	deft	diplomacy	taskforce	report	stirred	opposition	canada	partners	cut	station's	scope	argue	violates	international	agreements	essentially	close	international	station	assessing	agency	fare	o'keefe	analysts	blossom	apolloprogram	heyday	numbers	guy	james	webb	agency's	objectives	growing	visionary	john	pike	director	globalsecurityorg	alexandria	va	webb's	mandate	put	man	moon	richard	truly's	agency	recover	challenger	disaster	goldin's	cut	nasa's	budget	o'keefe's	fix	space	station	o'keefe's	appointment	clear	message	administration	nasa	clean	act	talk	neat	stuff	nasa	patricia	dasch	national	space	society	copyright	christian	science	monitor	rights	reserved
318--------------
topic:	171	space	station	shuttle	endeavour	iss	astronauts	crew	russian	mission	culbertson
file label:spacestation
national	roundup	florida	astronauts	repair	space	station	wings	cape	canaveral	spacewalking	astronauts	repair	job	monday	wrapped	thermal	covers	pair	motors	turn	international	space	station's	giant	solar	wings	nasa	hopes	covers	shield	motors	temperature	extremes	space	eliminate	power	spikes	stalls	motors	solar	wings	pointing	sun	generating	electricity	astronauts	linda	godwin	daniel	tani	floated	space	shuttle	endeavour	grabbed	ship's	robot	arm	ride	side	space	station	copyright	miami	herald
319--------------
topic:	89	government	space	russian	station	international	ship	statement	including	initiative	problem
file label:spacestation
endeavour	links	space	station	delivery	fresh	crew	cape	canaveral	space	shuttle	endeavour	docked	international	space	station	friday	delivering	threemember	crew	relieve	men	august	shuttle	pulled	spacecraft	orbited	miles	polishukrainian	border	twoday	chase	space	station	commander	frank	culbertson	eagerly	awaited	arrival	endeavour	ride	home	fourmonth	stay	quiet	retired	navy	fighter	pilot	felt	isolated	frustrated	sept	terrorist	attacks	crewmates	russians	ready	guys	culbertson	radioed	endeavour	pulled	miles	watched	shuttle	ghostly	white	blackness	space	drew	closer	endeavour	slowly	closed	final	feet	culbertson	rang	ship's	bell	aboard	space	station	announced	tradition	high	seas	arriving	culbertson	crewmates	vladimir	dezhurov	mikhail	tyurin	move	space	station	today	places	russian	yuri	onufrienko	commander	americans	carl	walz	daniel	bursch	stay	aboard	copyright	miami	herald
320--------------
topic:	105	space	russian	station	agency	international	interfax	nasa	told	thursday	moscow
file label:spacestation
tiny	debris	space	station	halts	shuttle	launch	cape	canaveral	tiny	piece	space	debris	floating	international	space	station	caused	nasa	scrub	thursday	night's	launch	space	shuttle	endeavour	space	shot	rescheduled	evening	decision	morning	nasa	official	thursday	shuttle	astronauts	international	space	station	sixmonth	stay	aboard	orbiting	science	lab	wednesday	unmanned	russian	supply	rocket	filled	food	clothes	toilet	supplies	items	arrived	station	trouble	docking	sensors	photos	showed	debris	width	piece	string	wire	preventing	solid	fit	docking	jim	van	laak	nasa	manager	operations	integration	space	station	nasa	experts	worried	russian	supply	vessel	securely	docked	jar	loose	damage	space	station	van	laak	russian	space	officials	soft	bump	endeavour	docks	port	station	jar	russian	supply	ship	loose	nasa	officials	study	concerned	damage	locking	mechanism	supply	ship	concerned	wobbl	ing	damage	locking	mechanism	van	laak	bigger	question	send	russian	cosmonauts	station	fix	problem	messing	space	crew's	tight	work	timeline	final	answer	morning	van	laak	copyright	miami	herald
321--------------
topic:	39	space	station	russian	truss	mission	docking	walk	control	cosmonauts	rail
file label:spacestation
lays	track	space	railway	subhead	unique	highly	complex	robot	working	extremely	hostile	environment	improved	mobility	author	broward	liston	cape	canaveral	fla	railway	outer	space	ready	roll	yesterday	astronauts	space	shuttle	atlantis	prepped	inaugural	run	rail	car	installed	international	space	station	crew's	spacewalk	top	speed	centimetres	ground	controllers	open	throttle	test	today	rail	car	part	truss	centerpiece	girder	running	length	space	station	completed	girder	support	thousands	square	metres	solar	panels	generating	power	station	spacewalk	lasting	hours	astronauts	steve	smith	rex	walheim	team	mounted	truss	segment	station	thursday	released	launch	restraints	rail	car	rode	space	shuttle's	cargo	bay	nasa	mobile	transporter	rail	car	officially	ready	test	today	speed	concerned	fractions	inch	velocity	order	tenth	inch	ben	sellari	launch	package	manager	mission	control	small	trolley	designed	roll	station's	robotic	arm	construction	site	work	progresses	station	years	captain	marc	garneau	president	canadian	space	agency	performed	flawlessly	pivotal	role	installing	truss	segment	massive	robotic	arm	canada's	contribution	multinational	space	station	lifted	truss	segment	shuttle's	cargo	bay	attached	station's	laboratory	module	arm	time	move	spacewalking	astronauts	work	sites	newly	installed	truss	teams	engineers	csa	md	robotics	bramptonbased	company	built	arm	monitoring	work	closely	ground	anomaly	detected	joints	weeks	canadian	engineers	successfully	bypassed	problem	area	unique	highly	complex	robot	working	extremely	hostile	environment	capt	garneau	problems	bound	occur	part	normal	space	activities	operations	smoothly	flawlessly	yesterday	arm	powerful	lift	entire	station	modules	rewired	draw	power	truss	truss	segments	added	future	missions	handcar	added	rail	system	astronauts	move	easily	truss	longer	football	field	copyright	national	post	online
322--------------
topic:	74	space	dr	maclean	crew	station	garneau	shuttle	canadian	mission	canadarm
file label:spacestation
canadian	join	endeavour	crew	subhead	steve	maclean	ride	fly	canadarm	author	rick	mofina	ottawa	ottawaborn	physicist	canadian	space	allan	rock	industry	minister	announced	yesterday	steve	maclean	assigned	fly	aboard	space	shuttle	endeavour	april	flight	time	space	flew	onboard	space	shuttle	columbia	dr	maclean	join	endeavour	crew	mission	complete	stage	assembling	international	space	station	join	astronauts	spacewalks	add	trusses	station	deploy	additional	solar	panels	russians	sixmember	crew	canadarm	cranelike	device	attached	station	fullest	extent	dr	maclean	moves	communication	aerial	craft	pleasing	ears	hear	mission	ride	fly	canadarm	dr	maclean	dr	maclean	working	johnson	space	center	houston	shuttle	shot	station	capsule	communicator	dr	maclean	relay	information	shuttle	crew	mission	control	flights	dr	maclean	tugged	red	canadian	olympic	hockey	shirt	blue	astronaut	flight	suit	yesterday	telling	reporters	wanted	rest	canadian	control	crew	wear	working	mission	marc	garneau	head	canada's	space	agency	international	astronauts	follow	dr	maclean	space	issue	canada	nations	facing	year	reduce	scope	space	station	program	impact	starting	dr	garneau	adding	cuts	reduced	scientific	experiments	reduced	shuttle	flights	dr	garneau	pointed	station's	rescue	vehicle	key	program's	reduction	space	station's	emergency	rescue	ship	return	crew	russian	soyuz	spacecraft	accommodate	crew	members	budgetary	problems	means	plans	build	larger	craft	halted	space	agencies	russia	japan	europe	canada	partners	space	station	program	meet	march	discuss	concerns	future	pressure	point	american	colleagues	live	obligation	embodied	intergovernmental	agreements	signedsaid	dr	garneau	canada's	astronautwhen	fully	constructed	space	station's	lifespan	years	vital	enlarge	size	crew	dr	garneau	construction	space	station	began	clock	ticking	limited	lifetimesaid	dr	garneau	important	crew	size	confident	find	moment	challenge	copyright	national	post	online
323--------------
topic:	171	space	station	shuttle	endeavour	iss	astronauts	crew	russian	mission	culbertson
file label:spacestation
crew	settles	space	station	cape	canaveral	ap	american	astronauts	russian	cosmonaut	moved	international	space	station	saturday	settling	halfyear	stay	men	arrived	aboard	space	shuttle	endeavour	day	time	trade	places	space	station	crew	board	august	residents	formfitting	seat	liners	lifeboat	carried	installed	space	suits	tucked	call	space	station	alpha	home	russian	yuri	onufrienko	wait	space	station	commander	american	frank	culbertson	cosmonaut	peeking	small	window	hatch	finally	swung	open	docked	spacecraft	onufrienko	remain	board	astronauts	daniel	bursch	carl	walz	gear	moved	threshold	endeavour's	astronauts	ship's	robot	arm	lift	italianbuilt	cargo	carrier	shuttle	attach	station	carrier	named	raffaello	loaded	tons	food	clothes	science	experiments	spare	parts	emptied	filled	dirty	laundry	trash	equipment	put	endeavour	ride	home	space	station's	residents	packed	personal	items	reflecting	hobbies	onufrienko	fisherman	material	tie	flies	bursch	weaving	material	small	baskets	walz	fiveoctave	keyboard	calls	support	device	time	culbertson	russian	crew	mates	mikhail	tyurin	vladimir	dezhurov	return	earth	week	spent	days	space	copyright	miami	herald
324--------------
topic:	91	space	shuttleworth	station	south	african	cosmonaut	tourist	world's	saturday	science
file label:spacestation
joyous	south	african	enjoying	view	space	station	cape	canaveral	ap	south	african	space	tourist	received	warm	aboard	international	space	station	saturday	settled	eightday	sevennight	stay	cost	million	internet	entrepreneur	mark	shuttleworth	person	pay	space	considers	money	spent	smiled	broadly	floated	space	station	embraced	occupants	orbit	hours	south	african	president	thabo	mbeki	called	congratulate	african	citizen	space	amazingly	roomy	shuttleworth	told	president	large	move	carefully	tons	precious	sophisticated	equipment	hope	good	guests	liftoff	days	earlier	kazakhstan	moments	terror	moments	sheer	upliftment	exhilaration	shuttleworth	beautiful	earth	space	imagine	surpass	world's	latest	space	tourist	dubbed	afronaut	home	generated	huge	excitement	south	africa	continent	proud	people	africa	space	mbeki	part	celebrations	freedom	day	marking	elections	ended	apartheid	proud	freedom	day	shuttleworth's	parents	relieved	adventureseeking	son	entrepreneur	fortune	internet	safely	aboard	space	station	alpha	watched	russian	mission	control	moscow	soyuz	capsule	smoothly	docked	space	station	miles	dangerous	procedures	stomach	real	knot	started	feeling	mother	ronelle	shuttleworth	men	living	orbiting	outpost	december	return	earth	june	delighted	company	great	faces	american	astronaut	carl	walz	shuttleworth	soyuz	crewmates	russian	cosmonaut	yuri	gidzenko	italian	astronaut	roberto	vittori	accomplished	primary	job	successful	docking	spacecraft	serve	space	station's	lifeboat	leave	saturday	night	soyuz	attached	station	months	year	today	california	money	manager	dennis	tito	world's	paying	space	tourist	courtesy	russians	nasa	opposed	tito's	trip	interfere	space	station	work	possibly	endanger	crew	russians	prevailed	rift	countries	space	programs	lasted	months	avoid	conflict	nasa	space	agencies	russia	europe	canada	japan	established	criteria	future	space	station	visitors	shuttleworth	met	guidelines	months	cosmonaut	training	russia	week	instruction	johnson	space	center	houston	training	shuttleworth	leeway	aboard	space	station	tito	shuttleworth	flying	science	experiments	including	aids	research	wore	white	patch	embroidered	red	ribbon	blue	cosmonaut	uniform	symbolize	fight	aids	plans	chat	south	african	schoolchildren	ham	radio	week	long	flight	created	hip	square	campaign	promote	science	math	education	south	africa	shuttleworth	world's	younger	space	travelers	joined	country's	president	saturday	calling	africans	embrace	future	importance	education	science	mathematics	hope	steps	space	influence	generation	part	lives
325--------------
topic:	30	railcar	track	space	station's	station	car	feet	astronauts	girder	controllers
file label:spacestation
space	station's	railcar	slightly	track	cape	canaveral	ap	astronauts	international	space	station's	railcar	rolling	slowly	short	stretch	track	monday	quickly	hit	snag	interrupted	inaugural	run	permanent	railroad	orbit	nasa	blamed	problem	weightlessness	engineers	suspect	oneton	car	floated	slightly	rail	causing	magnetic	sensors	bottom	car	lose	contact	pair	iron	strips	aluminum	tracks	railcar	eventually	stages	space	station's	construction	track	runs	girder	space	shuttle	atlantis	astronauts	delivered	bolted	orbiting	outpost	week	problem	cropped	empty	flatcar	moved	feet	track	snail's	pace	halfinch	cue	car	stopped	work	station	automatically	latching	halt	ground	controllers	manual	control	hours	latch	railcar	track	space	station	astronaut	carl	walz	computer	command	railcar	moving	railcar	smoothly	rolled	feet	work	station	happened	ground	controllers	manual	control	secure	car	monday	walz	commanded	railcar	move	final	time	feet	track	train's	leaving	station	called	automatic	latching	system	shut	ground	controllers	step	finding	mobile	transporter	works	zerog	ben	sellari	nasa	manager	engineers	adjust	computer	software	nuisance	danger	million	railcar	rolling	track	rings	ends	girder	sellari	railcar	set	late	summer	railcar	needed	transport	space	station's	robot	arm	outpost	girders	installed	atlantis	astronauts	plan	fourth	final	spacewalk	today	finish	installing	girder
326--------------
topic:	7	united	states	rights	human	washington	international	official	china	government	authorities
file label:spacestation
shuttle	atlantis	thunders	space	station	author	phil	long	cape	canaveral	astronauts	truckload	hardware	racing	international	space	station	successful	blastoff	monday	space	shuttle	atlantis	launch	scheduled	months	flurry	activity	designed	space	station	closer	completion	riding	main	engines	belched	orange	pillar	fire	atlantis	thundered	seaside	launch	pad	pm	computer	glitch	marred	countdown	engineers	frantically	reloaded	software	finishing	job	seconds	spare	launch	fourday	delay	caused	liquid	hydrogen	vent	pipe	sprung	leak	fueling	thursday	spent	extra	days	florida	nasa	launch	director	mike	leinbach	told	atlantis	commander	mike	bloomfield	moments	liftoff	time	ride	launch	milestone	space	flight	mission	specialist	jerry	ross	grandfather	astronaut	space	flights	space	walks	mission	astronauts	install	keystone	center	support	unit	international	space	station	szero	structure's	job	support	solar	energy	array	acre	size	stretching	football	field	length
327--------------
topic:	89	government	space	russian	station	international	ship	statement	including	initiative	problem
file label:spacestation
russian	ship	missed	proper	linkup	space	station	cape	canaveral	ap	russian	supply	ship	docked	international	space	station	wednesday	latched	properly	place	nasa	officials	clear	potential	problem	delay	tonight's	planned	launch	space	shuttle	endeavour	station	delivery	mission	concern	loose	fit	damage	orbiting	complex	force	imparted	docking	shuttle	unmanned	progress	ship	carrying	ton	food	fuel	supplies	launched	kazakstan	monday	pulled	space	station	time	linkup	initially	appeared	nasa	russian	flight	controllers	moscow	receive	expected	indication	hooks	closed	latched	space	station's	steering	system	turned	docking	remained	extra	hours	give	russian	flight	controllers	time	study	problem	laboratory	equipment	items	switched	conserve	power	turned	russian	engineers	determined	supply	ship	attached	securely	steering	system	operate	russia's	mission	control	worked	night	assess	problem	copyright	miami	herald
328--------------
topic:	171	space	station	shuttle	endeavour	iss	astronauts	crew	russian	mission	culbertson
file label:spacestation
endeavour	shuttle	return	monday	endeavour	shuttle	expected	land	cape	canaveral	launch	site	florida	moscow	time	russian	mission	control	reported	shuttle	bring	earth	crew	spent	days	onboard	international	space	station	iss	longterm	expedition	iss	american	astronaut	frank	culbertson	russian	cosmonauts	vladimir	dezhurov	mikhail	tyurin	earth	report	results	obtained	august	primary	objective	shuttle's	mission	iss	deliver	iss	crew	research	equipment	mission	control	shuttle's	crew	perfectly	accomplished	mission	home	shuttle	launched	space	starshine	microsatellite	designed	students	mission	control	satellite	larger	volley	ball	thousands	students	polishing	small	pieces	glass	subsequently	putting	surface	slightly	resembles	rotating	glass	balls	disco	clubs	believed	glass	satellite	night	students	universities	turn	calculating	speed	orbit	parameters	longterm	expedition	iss	led	russian	cosmonaut	yuri	onufriyenko	astronauts	command	carl	waltz	daniel	bursch	crew	stay	onboard	iss	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru
329--------------
topic:	111	space	wto	people	flight	parmentier	doha	trip	commercial	greenpeace	prize
file label:spacestation
russia	space	tourists	holiday	space	means	pay	russia	offers	trip	lifetime	yuri	koptev	director	russian	aerospace	agency	rosaviakosmos	confirmed	russia	space	tourists	visit	international	space	station	iss	october	free	place	flight	october	declared	present	citizens	poland	japan	united	states	tested	rosaviakosmos	russia	pioneered	space	tourism	april	californian	millionaire	denis	tito	iss	tenday	space	trip	april	south	african	millionaire	mark	shuttleworth	visit	station	timofei	byelo	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru	opinions	views	authors	coinside	point	view	pravdaru's	editors
330--------------
topic:	171	space	station	shuttle	endeavour	iss	astronauts	crew	russian	mission	culbertson
file label:spacestation
endeavour	shuttle	launched	iss	launch	endeavour	shuttle	planned	wednesday	night	december	moscow	time	shuttle's	tanks	filled	fuel	vehicle	located	launch	site	cape	canaveral	florida	information	disclosed	nasa	representative	russian	mission	control	nasa	experts	primary	objective	shuttle's	mission	deliver	international	space	station	iss	longterm	expedition	led	russian	cosmonaut	yuri	onufriyenko	expedition	includes	american	astronauts	carl	walz	daniel	bursch	crew	replace	longterm	expedition	american	astronaut	frank	culbertson	russian	cosmonauts	vladimir	dezhurov	mikhail	tyurin	aboard	iss	august	endeavour	deliver	italian	raffaello	cargo	module	additional	equipment	iss	starshine	small	satellite	subsequently	launched	station	launched	space	scientific	purposes	satellite	built	students	design	nasa	representatives	satellite	surveyed	american	universities	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru
331--------------
topic:	39	space	station	russian	truss	mission	docking	walk	control	cosmonauts	rail
file label:spacestation
russian	cosmonauts	conduct	space	walk	russian	cosmonauts	vladimir	dezhurov	mikhail	tyurin	expected	perform	space	walk	international	space	station	iss	pm	moscow	time	frank	culbertson	american	astronaut	commander	expedition	iss	survey	control	actions	aboard	station	information	unfolded	russian	mission	control	mission	control's	officials	stated	unplanned	space	walk	conducted	order	repair	malfunction	appeared	docking	unit	docking	russian	progress	cargo	space	ship	experts	gap	ship	station's	docking	unit	caused	object	prevents	tight	joining	space	vehicles	russian	mission	control	space	walk	hours	mission's	difficulty	cosmonauts	electric	motor	docking	unit	manually	undock	progress	distance	meter	station	examine	docking	unit	space	walk	period	decrease	successfully	remove	object	located	gap	ship	docking	unit	malfunction	mission	control	set	cosmonauts	mission	russian	mission	control	reported	forthcoming	launch	american	endeavour	space	shuttle	totally	depended	success	aforementioned	repair	works	experts	shuttle	unable	dock	iss	russian	cargo	ship	tightly	secured	station	dynamic	blow	docking	shuttle	set	russian	ship	swaying	damage	iss	similar	incident	space	kvant	module	secured	cosmonauts	performed	space	walk	successfully	repaired	malfunction	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru
332--------------
topic:	63	space	chinese	rocket	china	site	launch	soviet	xuesen	mao	ambassador
file label:spacestation
chinese	space	exploration	chinese	cosmonaut	fly	space	orbited	earth	times	successfully	landed	targeted	site	mongolia	chinese	space	program	developing	congress	international	federation	astronautics	place	years	beijing	remarkable	large	number	cosmonauts	participated	austrian	country	organized	forum	country	rating	space	explorers	represented	partially	explained	position	rating	czech	austrian	bulgarian	dutch	citizen	entitled	give	command	yury	gagarin	guests	russian	soyuz	station	american	shuttle	china	agree	put	citizens	foreign	spaceship	launch	space	vehicle	cosmodrome	mao	tsetung	passionate	idea	interesting	detail	unpublished	moscow	speech	delivered	chinese	students	studying	russia	mao	tsetung	mentioned	fact	soviet	launch	satellite	weighing	kilos	turned	chinese	ambassador	asked	weigh	kilos	ambassador	liu	xiao	bit	answer	soviet	union	launch	ambassador	liu	xiao	space	america	socialist	propaganda	words	speech	delivered	november	central	committee	communist	party	china	authorized	rocket	production	program	year	october	mao	tsetung's	initiative	specialized	institute	defense	ministry	established	purpose	years	october	beijing	received	person	reputation	chinese	korolev	qian	xuesen	china	usa	settled	graduating	shanghai	university	call	chinese	von	broun	xuesen	continued	studies	california	technical	university	obtained	doctor	astronautics	degree	title	air	force	colonel	employed	air	force	rocket	engine	lab	succeeded	summer	attempt	move	beijing	fbi	agents	caught	wife	airport	los	angeles	luggage	contained	pounds	books	records	xuesen	released	years	quarantine	allowed	access	secret	information	xuesen	supervisor	research	works	field	chinese	spaceships	shenzhou	type	looked	russian	soyuz	specialists	time	chinese	von	broun	managed	reach	china	bearers	fresher	secrets	country	launch	ambassador	liu	xiao	space	chinese	students	graduated	russian	universities	soviet	experts	nuclear	missile	technologies	elder	brother	chinese	people	call	soviet	union	helping	younger	brother	field	modernization	time	mao	tsetung's	moscow	speech	chinese	actively	searching	site	rocket	range	committee	competent	departments	prepared	variants	soviet	experts	choice	site	gobi	desert	construction	jiuquan	cosmodrome	started	put	operation	china's	unmanned	spaceships	launched	space	launched	november	stayed	orbit	hours	orbited	earth	times	blasted	january	staying	week	orbit	flown	times	planet	blasted	march	stayed	space	period	time	number	circuits	earth	current	goal	examine	module	contents	cases	evident	china	reliable	rocket	systems	mastered	art	space	navigation	soft	landing	spaceship	china	build	spaceships	people	cosmonauts	training	full	swing	russia	reportedly	participating	china's	experts	test	unmanned	flights	performed	launch	man	space	chinese	gagarin	china	working	programs	chinese	cosmonauts	fly	moon	space	station	andrey	krushinsky	copyright	pravdaru	reproducing	materials	part	reference	pravdaru	opinions	views	authors	coinside	point	view	pravdaru's	editors
333--------------
topic:	126	statues	november	booster	year	taliban	launch	space	russian	baykonur	launched
file label:spacestation
moscow	november	spacecraft	launched	baykonur	space	centre	november	present	time	units	russian	space	forces	baykonur	begun	preparations	sixth	launch	protonk	booster	year	proton	launched	november	put	satellite	orbit	russian	defence	ministry's	autonomous	tests	booster	assembly	testing	hangar	baykonur	spacecraft	simultaneously	loaded	fuel	components	press	service	russian	space	forces	reported	november	progress	transport	spaceship	launched	baykonur	international	space	station	launch	carried	modernized	soyuzfg	booster	designed	manufactured	progress	aerospace	centre	samara	engines	rocket's	stages	modernized	launch	modernized	booster	carried	russian	aerospace	agency	rosaviakosmos	place	year	launch	booster	produced	dnipropetrovsk	yuzhmash	enterprise	preliminarily	scheduled	november	rocket	put	hydrometeorological	spacecraft	orbit
334--------------
topic:	69	space	convention	indonesia	state	states	launching	australia	island	claim	treaty
file label:spacestation
australia's	plans	construct	space	port	christmas	island	located	stone's	throw	mere	kilometres	south	jakarta	concerned	indonesian	government	diplomatic	overtures	express	official	objections	government	national	space	flight	agency	warned	risks	facing	indonesia	nation	concerned	plans	build	rocket	launch	pad	work	infrastructure	due	start	launches	beginning	problem	largescale	project	backyard	potentially	space	debris	consisting	bits	rocket	fuel	satellites	fall	indonesian	territory	disrupt	flights	shipping	rocket	launch	fails	debris	weighing	hundreds	tonnes	scattered	denselypopulated	island	java	tourist	island	bali	east	timor	memory	russia's	mir	space	station	years	fell	earth	march	fresh	fortunately	shrapnel	space	station	measured	metres	weighed	tonnes	burned	reentered	earth's	atmosphere	pacific	ocean	chile	australia	intact	pieces	debris	weighing	tonnes	fell	pacific	ocean	prior	soviet	satellites	struck	earth	cosmos	january	fell	northern	hemisphere	cosmos	contained	radioactive	substances	crashed	uninhabited	tundra	canada	september	worrying	possibility	space	station	transformed	military	base	pose	threat	indonesia's	national	sovereignty	close	proximity	bilateral	relations	australia	turn	worse	firing	indonesia	extremely	easy	hand	christmas	island	ideal	location	rocket	launches	due	proximity	equator	geostationary	orbit	gso	omitted	technical	details	operation	reality	launch	pad	centres	worldwide	located	equator	kourou	san	marco	sriharikota	famous	space	centre	kennedy	space	centre	cape	canaveral	florida	located	equator	plans	construct	space	port	moved	christmas	island	australia	listen	indonesia's	objections	international	law	governing	accountability	nation's	space	debris	falls	existence	main	convention	convention	international	liability	damage	caused	space	objects	march	liability	convention	convention	basically	sets	responsibility	launching	state	jointly	collectively	consequences	launch	failure	time	launching	reentry	satellite	earth's	atmosphere	convention	sets	claims	states	suffered	damages	result	states	space	projects	nation	suffer	impact	australian	space	port	indonesia	rely	simplest	article	liability	convention	section	section	states	suffered	damages	claim	compensation	international	claims	commission	acts	representative	appellant	state	launching	state	case	australia	international	organisation	classed	launching	state	lodging	claim	simple	clapping	hands	indonesia	sign	convention	space	ratify	treaties	governing	national	activities	outer	space	conventions	treaty	principles	governing	activities	states	exploration	outer	space	including	moon	celestial	bodies	space	treaty	convention	international	liability	damage	caused	space	objects	liability	convention	finally	convention	registration	objections	launched	outer	space	registration	convention	indonesian	government	ratified	liability	convention	convention	applies	space	objects	fall	indonesian	sovereign	territory	indonesia	adopted	compensation	principle	absolute	liability	principle	principle	means	burden	proof	claimant	state	suffered	damages	lie	state	submitting	damages	claim	sufficient	law	demonstrate	fact	damage	caused	result	space	object	identified	belonging	launching	state	state	participated	space	object	launching	national	space	flight	agency	working	paper	suggest	high	degree	difficulty	indonesia	state	suffered	damage	lodge	damages	claim	case	objections	christmas	island	space	station	indonesia	show	damage	occurred	territorial	area	caused	space	objects	launched	christmas	island	station	require	advanced	technology	great	cost	bring	matter	claim	submission	conversation	kompas	sunday	mar	indonesia's	space	law	experts	prof	dr	priyatna	abdurrasyid	expressed	opinion	indonesia	produce	evidence	substantiate	claim	suffice	submit	claim	claims	commission	state	space	debris	indonesia	originated	australian	space	centre	australia	denies	claim	demand	australia	produce	proof	space	debris	originate	space	centre	activities	deadlock	negotiations	occurs	parties	claims	commission	neutral	party	act	adjudicator	arbitration	hearings	resolve	cases	priyatna	historical	precedent	shows	claiming	compensation	easy	matter	claiming	compensation	soviet	union	cosmos	canada	forced	navigate	numerous	procedural	complications	important	lesson	indonesia	experts	priyatna	believes	indonesia	concerned	australian	planned	space	principle	personal	opinion	current	current	mutual	benefit	meaning	challenging	issuing	objections	australian	space	project	indonesia	advantage	southern	neighbour's	space	activities	space	treaty	obliges	launching	states	open	widely	opportunity	cooperation	states	activities	treaty	pledges	launching	space	objects	purely	humanitarian	purposes	military	purposes	priyatna	basic	principles	space	treaty	oblige	australia	launching	state	open	possibility	humanitarian	cooperation	field	space	endeavour	australia	allowed	prevent	states	cooperate	space	centre	indonesia	exploit	principle	space	treaty	issuing	letter	objection	australian	government	join	national	interest	asked	kangaroo	country	implement	risk	management	procedures	opening	space	station	christmas	island	open	widely	opportunity	cooperation	states	open	complete	access	cooperation	states	exception	principles	upheld	space	treaty	australia	adhere	cardinal	principle	international	law	states	nations	world	respect	promote	humanitarian	interests	progress	humankind	problem	ensure	guidelines	adhered
335--------------
topic:	63	space	chinese	rocket	china	site	launch	soviet	xuesen	mao	ambassador
file label:spacestation
text	report	interfaxkazakhstan	news	agency	baykonur	march	preparations	progress	transport	spacecraft	scheduled	launched	international	space	station	iss	march	nearing	completion	baykonur	space	vehicle	launching	site	specialists	space	vehicle	launching	site	told	interfaxkazakhstan	news	agency	correspondent	progress	filled	rocket	fuel	components	compressed	gases	installing	testing	facility	energiya	rocket	space	corporation	final	operations	carried	general	assembly	soyuzu	boosterrocket	br	boost	progress	scheduled	march	br	assembled	state	commission	decision	rocket	launching	site	total	space	launches	baykonur	including	cargo	launches	scheduled	iss	programme	year
336--------------
topic:	27	space	center	russian	de	belgian	frank	million	center's	president	winne
file label:spacestation
space	remains	russian	national	priority	visit	yesterday	khrunichev	state	space	scientific	production	center	vladimir	putin	russia	lay	claim	worthy	place	civilized	world	ensure	defense	capability	abandons	space	programs	order	avoid	misinterpretation	president	understood	kremlin	full	resolve	maintain	russia's	place	civilized	world	defense	capability	proper	level	center's	general	director	aleksandr	medvedev	putin	devoting	significantly	time	cosmonautics	country's	previous	leaders	showed	examples	spacerocket	equipment	produced	enterprise	vladimir	putin's	visit	khrunichev	center	proved	instructive	pleasant	russian	president	vast	majority	giants	russian	industry	center	successful	enterprise	successful	spacerocket	firms	russian	criteria	world	size	center's	hardcurrency	earnings	foundation	nearing	billion	commercial	spacedevice	launches	center's	annual	budget	exceeds	billion	rubles	proton	family	rockets	khrunichev	center	produces	popular	commodities	international	market	launch	heavy	carriers	center	responsible	implementing	main	programs	connected	russia's	participation	international	space	station	iss	project	finally	center	connected	promising	space	programs	envisage	creation	completely	family	angara	carrier	rockets	launch	russian	plesetsk	space	center	year	incidentally	money	earned	khrunichev	center	support	existence	russia's	main	space	center	years	funds	allowed	plesetsk	launch	pad	built	soviet	times	launch	ukrainian	zenit	carrier	rockets	reequipped	upcoming	angara	establishment	entire	ground	infrastructure	launching	light	rokot	space	carriers	remodeled	ballistic	combat	missiles	time	vladimir	putin	visited	center	people	khrunichev	firm	considered	godfather	january	president	confirmed	center's	current	general	director	medvedev	position	center's	previous	head	anatoliy	kiselev	resigned	health	reasons	enterprise	headed	rosvooruzheniye	head	aleksey	ogarev	bound	good	relations	boris	yeltsin's	family	putin	vetoed	minute	law	center's	general	director	appointed	president	personally	vladimir	putin	insistently	asked	tackle	russia's	space	problems	yesterday	rosaviakosmos	head	yuriy	koptev	colleagues	informed	president	program	development	plesetsk	space	center	federal	status	future	russia	planning	gradually	transfer	launches	kazakhstan's	baykonur	territory	connected	considerations	economy	million	paid	year	lease	baykonur	problem	country's	space	sovereignty	guarantee	ensure	launches	commercial	devices	territory	incidentally	president	reminded	space	sovereignty	monday	visit	center	talks	turkmen	colleague	place	immediately	head	state	discuss	agreement	pay	ashgabat	financial	compensation	socalled	fall	sites	turkmen	regions	total	area	million	hectares	spent	rocket	stages	fall	launched	baykonur	stipulated	size	payment	single	regions	attachments	golotyukhtm
337--------------
topic:	61	space	spaceship	manned	capsule	russian	italian	china	recovery	earth	site
file label:spacestation
china	launched	unmanned	spacecraft	consecutively	exhibited	world	capsules	recovered	people	true	features	space	capsules	manned	spaceship	learned	manned	spaceship	liftoff	weight	tonnes	meters	long	meters	diameter	carry	astronauts	continue	cruise	space	days	spaceship	designed	comprehensive	reference	russian	spaceship	soyuz	spaceship	composed	cylindrical	capsules	orbiter	capsule	fitted	forefront	interior	equipped	facilities	space	observation	space	drug	microgravity	tests	return	capsule	connected	orbiter	capsule	cockpit	astronauts	capsule	reenter	atmosphere	landing	reclining	seats	installed	capsule	astronauts	instrument	panel	control	shaft	optical	telescope	installed	seats	rear	spaceship	propulsion	capsule	provide	thrust	spaceship	orbital	control	return	earth	accordance	plan	china's	manned	spaceship	conduct	series	scientific	tests	earth	observation	launched	space	space	technology	civilian	military	purposes	exception	china	speculated	spaceship	equipped	facilities	relating	military	observation	attack	enemy	satellites	manned	spaceflight	enable	china	preliminary	space	combat	capability	experience	united	states	russia	greatest	problems	manned	spaceship	inadequate	power	supply	solar	energy	batteries	meet	numerous	equipment	spaceship	understood	china	successfully	resolved	problem	provide	sufficient	power	supply	spaceship	completing	orbital	flight	spaceship	adjust	return	position	ground	command	ignite	engine	change	orbit	returning	earth	gliding	atmosphere	orbiter	propulsion	capsules	discarded	referring	designs	russia	spaceship	soyuz	china	apply	lift	control	technology	manned	spaceship	technology	enable	spaceship	limit	mobility	atmosphere	altitude	thousands	meters	return	capsule	eject	parachutes	reduce	speed	reported	china's	recovery	site	returning	satellites	mountains	sichuan	province	facilitate	recovery	rescue	future	manned	spaceflight	recovery	site	located	sparsely	populated	grassland	wilderness	judging	selection	recovery	sites	previous	flights	site	recovering	manned	spaceship	situated	grassland	mongolia	step	land	recovery	china	change	recovering	manned	spaceship	sea	informed	source	designs	china's	manned	spaceflight	consideration	future	modifications	flight	top	spaceship's	orbiter	capsule	installed	docking	module	docking	tests	spaceships	concerned	person	prelude	china's	space	station	development	plan
338--------------
topic:	105	space	russian	station	agency	international	interfax	nasa	told	thursday	moscow
file label:spacestation
alexander	kovalyov	moscow	march	itartass	russian	rosaviakosmos	space	agency	planning	carry	space	launches	baikonur	cosmodrome	april	year	space	agency	official	told	itartass	thursday	timetable	shortterm	space	expedition	international	space	station	scheduled	lift	april	expedition	comprise	russian	mission	commander	yuri	gidzenko	italian	astronaut	roberto	vittori	tourist	cosmonaut	mark	shuttleworth	south	africa	launch	directtv	telecommunication	spacecraft	russian	booster	rocket	proton	tentatively	slated	april
339--------------
topic:	27	space	center	russian	de	belgian	frank	million	center's	president	winne
file label:spacestation
days	belgian	astronaut	international	space	station	board	brand	russian	soyuz	space	ship	thursday	belgian	government	formally	committed	visavis	russian	european	partners	european	space	agency	pay	frank	de	winne's	ticket	space	highway	stars	radiant	belgian	cosmonaut	formal	agreement	frank	de	winne's	flight	russians	signed	brussels	thursday	charles	picque	minister	science	policy	government	commissioner	yvan	ylieff	document	letter	esa	european	space	agency	frank	de	winne	reports	russian	rosaviacosmos	space	agency	guaranteed	payment	belgium	expenses	tied	space	trip	november	year	belgian	reach	space	baikonor	cosmodrome	kazakhstan	board	brand	soyuz	space	ship	ship	modern	bigger	current	soyuzes	frank	de	winne	serve	onboard	engineer	qualified	crew	member	board	onboard	comander	appointed	russian	space	authorities	appointment	expected	weeks	prove	de	winne	personally	pilot	space	ship	tma	attests	confidence	russian	european	partners	put	brussels	wednesday	french	astronaut	claudie	haignere	completed	flight	space	russians	identical	scheduled	de	winne	find	praise	fellow	citizen	trained	months	moscow	frank	worked	star	city	intensity	weeks	learned	indispensable	bases	russian	language	making	appreciable	efforts	meet	foreign	cosmonauts	training	share	experiences	dynamism	asset	people	unanimous	told	assessment	confirms	choices	delighted	ylieff	financial	choices	frank	de	winne's	taxi	flight	lasting	days	price	tax	million	francs	million	euros	amount	belgian	yesterday	pledged	pay	russia	initial	segment	million	euros	frank's	training	costs	reportedly	paid	days	avenues	explored	collect	amount	latest	undoubtedly	logical	internal	sstc	federal	scientific	technical	cultural	services	manage	country's	space	budgets	sum	question	sstc's	space	budgets	deducted	years	sstc's	budget	suffer	space	sector's	cancellation	insurance	budgets	remain	constant	explained	eric	beka	sstc's	secretary	general	sums	obtained	result	assignment	portion	space	budget	mission	related	scientific	fallouts	optional	programs	word	de	winne's	ticket	space	financed	parachute	belgian	astronaut	esa	capable	replacing	frank	de	winne	mission	suddenly	proved	impossible	carry	expecting	travel	insurance	cosmonaut	yvan	ylieff	insure	recover	sums	involved	prospect	space	trip	million	euros	devoted	cancellation	insurance	years	dirk	frimout	belgian	astronaut	earth	orbit	atlantis	shuttle	weeks	belgian	don	russian	cosmonaut's	space	suit	mission	rich	promises	de	winne	qualify	technically	space	piloting	elements	corps	european	astronauts	addition	carry	projects	belgian	scientists	industrialists	active	space	sector	picque	emphasized	years	franc	invested	belgium	space	brought	francs	space	investments	interesting
340--------------
topic:	89	government	space	russian	station	international	ship	statement	including	initiative	problem
file label:spacestation
text	report	english	russian	news	agency	itartass	moscow	december	transport	ship	progress	launched	november	finally	docked	zvezda	module	international	space	station	monday	small	problem	solved	spacewalk	ship	delivered	fuel	water	technical	equipment	food	parcels	videos	iss	crew	russian	mission	control	centre	told	itartass	delivered	russian	microsatellite	kolibri	research	put	orbit	spacewalk	progress	carrying	kilograms	cargo	including	tonne	fuel	iss	progress	launched	baykonur	cosmodrome	kazakhstan	part	federal	space	programme
341--------------
topic:	61	space	spaceship	manned	capsule	russian	italian	china	recovery	earth	site
file label:spacestation
italian	returns	russian	space	mission	text	report	english	italian	news	agency	ansa	web	site	moscow	italian	astronaut	roberto	vittori	russian	cosmonaut	paying	space	tourist	returned	earth	today	tenday	mission	including	days	aboard	international	space	station	iss	tough	gratifying	experience	ready	vittori	told	italian	general	mario	arpino	telephone	call	shortly	russian	soyuz	space	capsule	touchdown	kazakhstan	russian	officials	men	including	world's	space	tourist	south	african	millionaire	mark	shuttleworth	fine	condition	shuttleworth	paid	russians	dollars	jaunt	space	termed	experience	extraordinary	world's	space	tourist	businessman	denis	tito	similar	voyage	year	vittori	spent	months	russia's	star	city	preparation	mission	dubbed	marco	polo	italian	space	agency	days	aboard	iss	carried	series	experiments	isa	european	space	agency	health	space	vittori	colonel	testpilot	wife	small	boys	years	training	nasa	centres	houston	training	russia	combined	knowledge	american	techniques	put	advantage	role	station	commander	open	future	training	started	role	reserved	americans	russians	italy's	umberto	guidoni	european	set	foot	board	iss	april	italian	astronaut	paolo	nespoli	scheduled	trip	estimated	cost	vittori's	flight	russians	dollars	covered	training	belgian	substitute	cost	carrying	scientific	experiments	board	russian	soyuz	rocket
342--------------
topic:	134	mbeki	shuttleworth	mugabe	election	president	minister	suspension	commonwealth	space	zimbabwe
file label:spacestation
shuttleworthmbeki	mariette	le	roux	bloemfontein	april	sapa	mbeki	speaks	outer	space	contact	saturday	outer	space	free	state	city	bloemfontein	president	thabo	mbeki	spoke	africa's	astronaut	mark	shuttleworth	aboard	international	space	station	speaking	live	satellite	link	bloemfontein	president	praised	socalled	afronaut	contribution	science	africa's	renaissance	ambassador	mbeki	started	conversation	broadcast	live	free	state	rugby	stadium	shuttleworth	journey	exciting	flight	smooth	plan	moments	terror	moments	sheer	exhilaration	proclaimed	beautiful	earth	space	imagine	beautiful	internet	millionaire	sleeping	comfortably	food	bad	showed	president	empty	tin	contained	lunch	pork	potato	russian	food	tasty	american	food	good	shuttleworth	told	president	reported	started	setting	scientific	experiments	planning	board	iss	mbeki	expressed	south	africa's	pride	shuttleworth's	efforts	long	inspiring	young	people	subjects	engineering	mathematics	science	shuttleworth	agreed	essential	africa's	rebirth	magnificent	sunset	sunrise	africa	mbeki	asked	bring	pictures	south	africans	smiling	returns	shuttleworth	replied	shuttleworth	expressed	condolences	family	friends	safety	security	minister	steve	tshwete	died	friday	night	message	mbeki	undertook	convey	president	toasted	shuttleworth	glass	champagne	history	moments	leap	shuttleworth	accompanied	russian	flight	commander	yury	gidzenko	italian	cosmonaut	roberto	vittori	reached	iss	gmt	days	blasting	baikonur	cosmodrome	kazakhstan	world's	space	tourist	shuttleworth	paying	million	dollars	journey	space	carry	experiments	virus	aids	team	return	earth	source	sapa	mlrshob	date	apr
343--------------
topic:	105	space	russian	station	agency	international	interfax	nasa	told	thursday	moscow
file label:spacestation
reference	moscow	interfax	english	gmt	international	economic	international	political	technology	moscow	interfax	russian	aerospace	agency	continuing	active	search	space	tourist	candidate	fly	international	space	station	iss	autumn	agency	director	yuri	koptev	told	interfax	thursday	agency	received	official	applications	commercial	flight	source	space	circles	told	interfax	applications	russian	citizen	woman	australia	unnamed	person	line	established	rules	agency	processing	applications	americans	singer	boy	group	nsync	lance	bass	nasa	associate	administrator	lori	garver	completing	medical	examinations	institute	biomedical	problems	moscow	okayed	flight	joint	news	conference	moscow	month	interfax	told	americans	expected	announce	intentions	fly	space	russian	pop	group	nana	plans	space	flight	singers	passed	medical	tests	year	russian	aerospace	agency	told	interfax	received	official	applications	americans	russian	pop	group	added	growing	public	interest	space	tourism	world	vehicle	increasing	personal	popularity	moment	probability	space	tourist	making	space	flight	year	informed	sources	told	interfax	thursday	set	services	related	taxi	mission	iss	russian	spaceship	ranges	million	agency	sources	central	eurasia	russia	russia
344--------------
topic:	87	medvedev	president	space	iss	centre	rocket	khrunichev	deputy	rocketbooster	chief
file label:spacestation
text	report	english	russian	news	agency	interfax	moscow	january	president	vladimir	putin	visited	khrunichev	space	centre	monday	evening	workshops	told	detail	manned	unmanned	spacecraft	centre's	chief	aleksandr	medvedev	reported	president	development	russia's	segment	board	international	space	station	rosaviakosmos	director	yuriy	koptev	turn	told	president	present	russia	actively	interacting	european	countries	interchangeability	iss	american	segment	koptev	explained	usa	suspended	iss	development	programme	deficit	dollars	paid	koptev	interaction	europe	spacemen	board	iss	current	russian	soyuz	rocket	rescue	spaceship	directorgeneral	khrunichev	centre	briefed	head	state	heavy	proton	rocketbooster	upgraded	director	rocket	booster	launches	russia's	military	civilian	satellites	space	medvedev	main	upgrading	work	included	replacement	control	system	improvement	design	data	determination	ecological	measures	stage	improvement	rocketbooster	boosting	unit's	expense	upgrading	part	boosting	unit	surge	foreign	market	great	economic	commercial	effect	launch	upgraded	proton	rocketbooster	medvedev	launch	proton	medvedev	launches	rocket	baykonur	cosmodrome	kazakhstan	accompanying	president	khrunichev	centre	deputy	prime	minister	ilya	klebanov	deputy	chief	presidential	administration	sergey	prikhodko	chief	staff	anatoliy	kvashnin	presidential	assistant	yevgeniy	shaposhnikov	deputy	defence	minister	aleksey	moskovskiy	space	forces	commander	anatoliy	perminov
