0--------------
topic:	117	windows	simm	requires	sale	pin	memory	running	type	possibly	happening
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
distribution	world	messageid	references	nntppostinghost	cephaloneuscbcmtmcedu	article	writes	documentation	wordperfect	windows	requires	ram	install	laptop	memory	error	message	unloaded	possibly	memory	ideas	happening	running	windows	real	mode	windows	permanent	swapfile	built
1--------------
topic:	166	drive	scsi	dos	drdos	irq	partition	shares	advance	work	primary
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
implement	board	designing	finding	dificult	track	definition	hardware	io	adresses	fact	shares	shares	irq	sharing	clear	existing	irq	sharing	standard	irq	answer	email	advance	neil	watkinson
2--------------
topic:	64	windows	bodnar	stacks	arrived	pearlstein	installed	problem	austin	express	intel
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	john	bodnar	writes	edgar	pearlstein	computer	arrived	statement	configsys	file	stacks	changed	stacks	saved	bytes	lowered	microsoft	set	single	installed	windows	simple	eisa	motherboards	ndi	volante	tiga	adapters	intel	ethernet	express	caching	scsi	controllers	dpt	dtc	problem	extra	gained	means	lot	conventional	gobbling	programs	orcad	tango	pcb	bodnar	developing	windows	university	texas	austin	applications	inhaled	csutexasutccwfjbodnar	borland	ceo	philippe	kahn	remember	reading	qemm	manual	needed	windows	setup	program	rich
3--------------
topic:	116	modem	null	plan	pins	control	software	crossed	dtr	cable	dcd
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
xnewsreader	tin	bruce	maynard	wrote	article	mitch	lewars	writes	give	specs	null	modem	cable	ferget	crossed	easy	carry	pins	straight	exception	pins	crossed	mentioned	carry	pins	plan	minimal	null	modem	transfering	files	betwen	pcs	work	persnickity	comm	program	plan	null	modem	modem	control	comm	software	wait	dcd	transferring	software	raise	dtr	enable	modem	accept	call	cable	side's	dtr	drive	other's	dcd	plan	null	modem	hardware	flow	control	highspeed	transfers	flow	control	plan	deluxe	null	modem	combine	ideal	leaves	dsr	ri	rarely	anymore	paranoid	wire	spend	add	pin	numbers	connectors	pinout	handy	wayne	hamilton	urbana	il
4--------------
topic:	139	compaq	jesper	ram	chips	copenhagen	email	honig	believed	require	simm
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
put	ordinary	standard	simm	ram	chips	ns	compaq	prolinea	compaq	require	special	compaq	ram	chips	email	advance	jesper	jesper	honig	spring	animals	believed	god	university	copenhagen	denmark	devil	man
5--------------
topic:	33	system	eps	mb	ram	bus	slots	service	card	local	technologies
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
messageid	nntppostinghost	brownvmbrownedu	summary	recommendations	eps	xnewssoftware	bnn	beta	rough	start	purchasing	system	earlier	post	system	offered	eps	technologies	static	ram	cacheami	bios	vesa	local	bus	slots	slots	slot	teac	mb	floppy	drives	maxtor	mb	hard	drive	ms	ide	cache	buffer	vesa	local	bus	video	card	ram	ni	orchid	fahrenheit	card	ni	multisync	monitor	keyboard	watt	power	supply	windows	mouse	dos	years	limited	warranty	year	onsite	service	add	flatscreen	digital	monitor	mb	ram	extra	bought	eps	technologies	system	interested	warrantee	service	recommend	companies	offer	similar	packages	support	comparable	prices	fastmicro	bit	advance	toby	loftus	brown	university
6--------------
topic:	77	sampling	rate	ad	card	pcboard	slots	university	motherboard	email	curiouser
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	astroocistempleedu	xnewsreader	tin	dumbest	question	year	piggyback	expand	motherboard	usual	case	slots	scanner	cards	max'd	hoping	simple	solution	exists	adapter	turns	slot	mind	turns	slots	put	io	card	midi	card	soundblaster	card	cards	bit	idefloppy	svga	modem	expander	screw	performance	hate	buy	motherboard	carl	christensen	dept	computer	science	temple	university	curiouser	curiouser	lc	philadelphia	pa	usa
7--------------
topic:	162	card	sound	bus	mouse	board	phil	idea	internet	connectors	uucp
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
advice	configure	accept	irq	bus	mouse	sound	card	idea	set	bus	mouse	gobbled	cycles	caused	loss	communications	floppy	disks	problems	suppose	switch	devices	externally	disable	port	super	io	card	sound	card	horsing	works	replies	apppreciated	subscribed	newsgroup	assume	faq	mark	fraser
8--------------
topic:	46	hours	flying	problems	stewardesses	appleshare	innerear	longhaul	flyer	appreciated	laserwriter
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
ways	hook	appletalk	network	apple	laserwriter	appleshare	file	server	memory	greatly	appreciated
9--------------
topic:	32	sta	mvi	bits	uartcmd	character	equ	abyte	init	bioscom	command
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	eniacseasupennedu	hope	working	project	communicate	ibm	phoenix	bios	board	intel	cpu	uart	chip	board	works	fine	transmit	command	terminal	emulation	mode	kermit	wrong	initialization	protocol	access	unit	built	sizable	chunk	code	perform	calculations	operations	difficult	code	assembly	language	included	assembly	code	running	code	show	blatantly	incorrectly	missing	lack	knowledge	serial	communications	email	wrote	assembly	language	wait	character	received	check	character	received	leds	programs	written	set	port	send	character	bioscom	function	biosh	software	interrupt	function	dosh	triple	checked	baud	rate	parity	stop	bits	character	length	bits	interrupt	calls	loss	wrong	hardware	gurus	comment	alot	hubert	de	jesus	intel	asm	command	equ	command	register	porta	equ	port	timerlo	equ	high	bits	timer	timerhi	equ	bits	timer	uartdata	equ	uart	data	register	uartcmd	equ	uart	command	register	org	sram	location	mvi	set	timer	bits	sta	timerlo	mvi	set	high	timer	bits	sta	timerhi	mvi	start	timer	enable	port	sta	command	mvi	display	leds	sta	porta	mvi	clear	uart	command	sta	uartcmd	sta	uartcmd	sta	uartcmd	mvi	internally	reset	uart	sta	uartcmd	lda	uartdata	remove	extraneous	data	mvi	init	uart	data	bits	sta	uartcmd	parity	stop	bit	async	mvi	enable	transmit	receive	sta	uartcmd	init	lda	read	status	register	ani	rxrdy	jz	init	loop	lda	uartdata	read	data	character	cpi	character	jnz	init	loop	mvi	character	received	sta	porta	display	leds	hlt	bioscom	init	send	receive	status	void	main	char	abyte	abyte	bioscom	init	abyte	printf	initialized	comm	port	bioscom	status	abyte	bioscom	send	abyte	printf	start	main	union	regs	registers	registershah	registershal	registersxdx	printf	registershah	registershal	registersxdx	printf	start
10--------------
topic:	117	windows	simm	requires	sale	pin	memory	running	type	possibly	happening
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
originator	simm	sale	perfect	condition	work	system	requires	pin	simms	paid	insured	shipping	addition	pin	eisa	type	simm	sale	drop	line	nimesh	shah
11--------------
topic:	186	scsi	floppy	disk	interface	data	machine	price	msdos	pc	replace
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	torolav	berntzen	writes	scsi	interface	giving	floppy	interface	reduce	price	easily	installed	existing	devices	question	scsi	due	primitive	standard	dma	solution	floppy	interfaces	pcs	speed	limited	approx	kbytess	standard	allowing	higher	performance	scsi	os	issue	request	disk	controller	performed	search	physical	read	data	transferred	main	memory	ram	speeds	relevant	msdos	msdos	future	scsi	interface	floppy	throw	scsi	add	practical	purposes	unlimited	number	disk	units	sacrificing	disks	pc	mbyte	scsi	disk	adopted	sun	machine	carry	mac	sparcstation	alpha	machine	decide	turn	pc	expect	move	data	reformatting	numerous	reasons	scsi	floppy	replacement	isnt	isnt	replace	fast	fixed	disk	replace	supplement	contrary	floppy	md	fast	run	programs	access	data	md	higher	expectationsdemands	supported	scsi	floppy	interface	price	scsi	controllers	high	dozen	large	pizzas	nowadays	ka
12--------------
topic:	12	data	brain	project	visualizations	depicting	humbio	effects	sets	function	neurotransmitters
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
winmarks	benchmark	run	pc	ftp	roger	bix	ruzun	net
13--------------
topic:	159	vnews	nntppostinghost	highdensity	vaxvms	newssoftware	files	backup	include	phone	schwinge
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
newssoftware	vaxvms	vnews	nntppostinghost	ubvmsdccbuffaloedu	quick	explained	backing	masters	apparently	copyprotected	program	unable	handle	highdensity	shit	surprised	hear	programs	highdensity	disks	copy	protection	huh	learn	day	mitch
14--------------
topic:	159	vnews	nntppostinghost	highdensity	vaxvms	newssoftware	files	backup	include	phone	schwinge
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
newssoftware	vaxvms	vnews	nntppostinghost	ubvmsbccbuffaloedu	method	files	maynstream	dc	tapes	capacity	mb	future	backups	dos	files	appreciative	information	backup	devices	manufacturers	products	flopticals	dat	tape	include	price	backup	speed	manufacturer	phone	opinions	qualityreliability	email	send	summaries	interested	advance	claus	schwinge	sunyab	student	finances	records
15--------------
topic:	77	sampling	rate	ad	card	pcboard	slots	university	motherboard	email	curiouser
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
friend	send	answers	email	adress	highspeed	analogdigital	pcboard	ladies	gentleman	highspeed	ad	pcboard	sampling	rate	mhz	resolution	sampling	rate	arranged	interleave	mode	time	equivalent	sampling	yields	times	higher	sampling	rate	adconverter	interleave	mode	board	content	adconverter	similar	analog	devices	ad	ad	faster	pcboard	slot	isa	specification	send	email	telefax	advance	sincerely	matthias	hansch	ikph	university	hannover	germany	andreas	heinbokel	wisdom	print	tshirts
16--------------
topic:	133	number	message	posted	model	reply	helpful	interlaced	nntppostinghost	beginning	messageid
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
messageid	nntppostinghost	inreplyto	model	number	interlaced	btw	number	contact	company	helpful	replying	beginning	reply	posted	netnews	bboard	message	returned	message	calvin
17--------------
topic:	197	purchase	warranty	card	amex	citibank	double	year	computers	send	credit
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	writercuphpcom	xnewsreader	tin	huayong	yang	wrote	credit	card	companies	offer	double	warranty	year	purchase	credit	card	additional	warranty	year	apply	purchase	computers	catch	advance	post	results	big	computer	purchase	key	points	ability	american	express	card	read	fine	print	double	warranty	policies	amex	citibank	visa	double	warranty	computers	citibank	maximum	claim	imagine	monitor	mother	board	fixed	amex	limit	claims	remember	amex	send	copy	warranty	info	days	purchase	call	preregister	send	paperwork	days	purchase	preregister	pak	arrived	today	citibank	visa	requires	preregistration	ken
18--------------
topic:	23	slower	machine	states	wait	slow	accomodate	set	motherboard	simms	memory
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	kok	hon	yin	writes	robert	desonia	wrote	plug	simms	motherboard	simms	troubles	heard	machines	problems	slower	recommended	memory	speeds	faster	run	trouble	buy	mixed	expensive	machine	run	slowest	simms	clock	speed	eventhough	thought	machine	run	bus	jumpered	tocmos	set	wait	states	speed	ram	installed	motherboard	sense	speed	ram	installed	call	failing	sort	autosense	slower	ram	machine	set	number	wait	states	accomodate	slow	ram	case	memory	run	slower	rate	reduce	wait	states	chance	slower	ram	act	faster	ram	crash	putting	faster	ram	speed	machine	faster	ram	mixing	fast	slow	ram	bus	slowed	accomodate	slow	ram	jiml	mailer	address	buggy	reply	james	lewczyk	ncrmpd	fort	collins
19--------------
topic:	54	boot	people	running	intel	real	machines	disk	chip	tripling	show
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
arnd	burghardt	writes	folks	visited	cebit	hannover	germany	intel	presenting	pentium	processor	words	machines	running	presented	nicely	unly	running	picture	shows	presentor	promised	binary	showed	emergency	disk	patched	lilo	boot	disk	convice	boot	guts	glory	decided	glory	touch	holy	cows	boot	suspect	os	thought	coward	day	earth	cn	learn	technology	industrialstandarts	expect	beast	local	computershop	spring	running	chip	trade	show	real	technical	knowledge	stranger	diskette	boot	demo	machine	demo	machine	long	people	nice	demos	purposted	linux	diskette	wipe	disk	loaded	virus	deep	trouble	marketer	mind	specifically	invited	people	machines	learn	technology	shipping	pc	vendors	compatible	golden	gryphon	crown	jewel	american	prison	system	president	bill	clinton	living	white	house	openage	premier	sco	unix	integrator	washington	dc	area
20--------------
topic:	54	boot	people	running	intel	real	machines	disk	chip	tripling	show
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
robert	desonia	writes	heard	rumor	story	differed	intel	coming	tripling	clock	clone	ibm	rumour	ibm's	clock	tripling	chip	trade	show	fall	comdex	people	drooling	chip	realize	fpu	evil	marketing	ploytm	intel	internal	cache	saved	silicon	real	estate	contract	ibm	allowed	sell	chips	parties	chips	nonibm	machines	prevents	companies	implementing	real	fpu	clone	amd	segmented	memory	helps	structure	software
21--------------
topic:	34	tape	drive	tapes	holes	marker	mirror	assembly	sensor	open	pickup
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	stephen	husak	writes	reply	email	job	related	colorado	jumbo	backup	system	places	eaten	tapes	winding	tape	spool	easy	fix	tape	drive	fried	simply	comments	appreciated	husak	woke	today	depeche	mode	music	masses	stephen	husak	univerisity	illinois	tapes	tapes	unwound	type	batch	reason	bought	generic	tapes	tape	markers	fully	punched	closed	marker	hole	tapes	set	open	tape	cartridge	put	tape	reels	open	removing	screws	bottom	tape	cartridge	snap	plastic	shell	metal	base	pulling	tape	assembly	touch	couple	holes	tape	marker	holes	tape	drive	tape	holes	spaced	couple	inches	guess	drive	finds	marker	stops	marker	tape	holes	check	mirror	tape	clean	function	mirror	detect	marker	holes	tape	drive	shines	light	mirror	pickup	area	reflection	hole	pickup	detects	light	allowed	pass	stop	mirror	dirty	alighment	case	problem	detecting	tape	tape	drive	tapes	tapes	good	pickup	led	sensor	system	failed	dirty	open	drive	door	sensor	assembly	left	rw	head	assembly	clean	drive	serviced	led	burned	sensor	warranty	send	cms	repair	scott	hiles	standard	disclaimer	opinions	expressed	necessarily	reflect	dod	navy	accept	full	responsibility
22--------------
topic:	168	monitor	power	save	switch	problem	normal	time	seconds	bobby	hehehe
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
vga	year	brand	monitor	bit	bullet	pressed	power	switch	seconds	power	light	pop	gawd	years	long	normal	monitors	problem	monitor	power	switch	image	pretty	dim	needed	contrast	max	screen	flicker	time	time	normal	hehehe	worst	luck	question	buy	fixed	save	good	cheap	ega	monitor	save	money	upgrade	engineers	extensive	effort	applied	fresh	approach	problem	hired	guys	kick	bobby
23--------------
topic:	162	card	sound	bus	mouse	board	phil	idea	internet	connectors	uucp
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
box	ibm	card	called	rapid	technology	squeeze	card	dated	crystal	big	chip	ccube	connectors	ribbontype	connector	board	board	ideas	phil	phil	hunt	howtek	internet	uucp
24--------------
topic:	155	problem	card	austin	university	texas	screen	greer	jude	times	monitor
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
sender	convex	unix	nntppostinghost	grayccutexasedu	organization	university	texas	austin	references	date	apr	cst	article	jude	greer	writes	wondering	problem	gateway	vlbus	system	ati	graphics	ultra	pro	lb	computer	resolution	fine	windows	autocad	gifs	screen	inches	shorter	top	bottom	screen	bar	black	screen	cut	squeezes	smaller	space	messes	aspect	ratio	manually	change	vsize	pain	ass	happen	called	gateway	numerous	times	times	card	times	card	work	computer	bill	card	couple	days	told	phone	wait	weeks	billing	card	customer	support	story	problem	hell	solution	problem	advance	jude	greer	ps	mach	install	program	manually	set	ting	card	work	increase	vertical	size	screen	starts	cut	top	bottom	monitor	problem	mentioned	swapped	cards	monitors	dan	daniel	matthew	internet	university	texas	austin	decnet	utxvmsdcoleman	electricalcomputer	bitnet
25--------------
topic:	84	drop	hours	shipping	disk	model	area	high	drive	pc	mac
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	jobe	disk	drive	mac	pc	good	condition	rarely	bad	track	full	high	fast	quiet	sale	shipping	sf	bay	area	spec	model	seek	time	ms	hours	mtbf	heads	interest	drop	email
26--------------
topic:	173	service	dealers	good	fun	local	give	support	parts	buy	wrong
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	greg	spath	writes	article	mike	yang	mailorder	gateway	save	support	phone	free	software	package	fun	hold	technical	support	phone	walk	dealer	wrong	fix	long	fixing	parts	repairs	substitute	parts	knowledge	charge	repairs	warranty	claims	due	improper	maintenance	part	local	dealers	fun	consistently	good	support	techs	retreaded	salesmen	trained	technicians	high	turnover	rate	fun	inwarranty	work	quickly	courteously	fun	outofwarranty	work	cheaply	period	paid	service	contract	service	technician	service	manager	computerland	franchise	retail	computer	place	talking	local	service	scam	retail	computer	dealers	push	selling	song	car	dealers	singing	years	buy	good	service	treat	customers	buy	competition	service	experienced	mail	order	buyers	mail	order	companies	give	excellent	service	including	overnight	replacement	parts	onsite	calls	local	dealers	give	good	service	local	dealers	give	consistenly	good	service	wrong	anectdotes	prove	point	net	job	ted	drude
27--------------
topic:	88	point	ibm	ps	vesa	advice	term	taxes	pay	video	local
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
messageid	references	nntppostinghost	xnewsreader	tin	acifuent	wrote	change	read	ibm	ps	valuepoint	video	card	bit	card	cost	question	ps	point	sx	upgrade	veeery	advance	cifuentes	questions	answered	dealer	ibm	points	provide	unsolicited	advice	amusing	kind	advice	today	tueday	ibm	supposed	officially	announce	introduction	vesa	local	bus	point	systems	systems	onboard	video	disk	prior	point	systems	vesa	local	bus	future	upgrades	buy	monitors	newly	immediately	upgraded	ultrastor	caching	scsi	disk	controller	ati	gup	viper	graphics	board	buy	sytem	personal	philosophy	upgrade	policy	lossfree	earn	money	pay	taxes	spend	money	pay	taxes	coming	translated	means	infrequent	large	steps	short	term	long	term	avoid	sx	models	straight	dx	models	gordon
28--------------
topic:	97	tin	memory	put	bw	mask	nntppostinghost	messageid	day	colfelt	wrote
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
messageid	references	nntppostinghost	xnewsreader	tin	andrew	bw	colfelt	wrote	shadow	mask	put	face	main	memory	day	job
29--------------
topic:	158	mouse	heard	argic	ahmed	cosar	discussion	hasan	address	zumabot	nysernetorg
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
acquired	logitech	series	mouse	told	bus	mouse	unload	pcclone	buscard	mouse	email	replies
30--------------
topic:	40	wide	simms	data	simm	computer	banks	bank	kmail	mixing	bit
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
students	wrote	buying	simms	sales	person	told	simms	simms	interchan	type	told	mixing	banks	mixing	bank	speeds	mixing	simms	bank	differ	type	chips	assuming	simms	bit	wide	equivalent	configuration	simm	wide	nibbles	wide	chip	total	wide	simm	wide	chips	equivalent	pinned	simm	board	simm	interface	act	wide	simms	techie	plug	simms	simms	gi	system	total	meg	system	supports	meg	simm	slots	plug	simms	give	sounds	correct	problem	computer	takes	wide	simms	mix	sizes	bank	simple	understand	banks	assuming	cpu	data	bus	mechanism	retrieve	data	memory	wide	computer	expects	bits	asks	data	bandwidth	wide	motherboard	links	bit	data	parity	ignore	simple	explaination	bits	means	simm	bank	stores	bit	wide	data	bus	simms	linked	wide	data	reason	banks	simms	wide	banks	simms	wide	computer	required	wide	data	parity	bits	asts	upgrade	simm	time	hope	message	head	answer	question	simple	rdd	winqwk	unregistered	evaluation	copy	kmail	wnet	hq	hal	bbs	qwktousenet	gateway	dialins	free	usenet	mail	newsgroups	pcboard	uupcb	kmail	call	member	eff	asp	asad	disk	serving	ann	arbor
31--------------
topic:	161	monochrome	brante	max	kind	atari	monitor	connect	universitet	teknisk	card
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
connect	atari	monochrome	monitor	kind	vga	card	max	brante	teknisk	databehandling	uppsala	universitet
32--------------
topic:	11	washburn	reached	phone	ami	compuserve	board	informative	critcle	questions	dan
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	kok	hon	yin	writes	deal	micronics	ami	motherboard	vlbus	reply	email	purchased	super	voyager	vlb	board	washburn	company	month	mailing	address	clyde	washburn	advertises	regularly	pc	week	reached	compuserve	phone	number	washburn	competitive	prices	compared	ami	distributersplus	fact	ee	talking	hardware	easily	reached	compuserve	critcle	questions	informative	customers	phone	dan	moyer
33--------------
topic:	25	personnel	phone	support	quick	sales	retail	care	computer	competent	gateway
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
messageid	references	nntppostinghost	xnewsreader	tin	greg	spath	wrote	article	mike	yang	mailorder	gateway	save	support	phone	free	software	package	fun	hold	technical	support	phone	locally	walk	dealer	wrong	fix	phone	support	quick	competent	mail	order	firms	quick	competent	gateway	included	experience	computer	retailers	significant	lead	conclusion	sales	personnel	retailtechnical	personnel	forbidden	learn	products	sell	talk	incompetent	percent	answers	correct	salesmen	realize	stupid	settle	catch	breath	fact	retail	stores	provide	terms	price	product	retail	outlets	desirable	people	interested	learning	computers	decisions	fine	education	carpeting	wall	paper	lawn	mowers	microwave	ovens	sales	personnel	assume	idiot	care	care	computer	demand	features	performance	damned	pay	highschool	drop	commission	overrated	overpriced	system	process	subjected	distorted	bs	gl	generally
34--------------
topic:	138	racist	fanatic	tsiel	huna	books	emmanuel	halaimitedu	praise	intelligence	praised
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
netters	books	showing	fix	hardware	problem	books	mind
35--------------
topic:	40	wide	simms	data	simm	computer	banks	bank	kmail	mixing	bit
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
myth	heard	source	trust	ads	computer	shopper	intel	pretty	busy	pentium	introducing	competition	heard	rumor	story	differed	intel	coming	tripling	clock	clone	ibm	rumor	pretty	good	source	designs	computer	equipment	hav	wrong	time	hear	rumormill	turning	rdd	winqwk	unregistered	evaluation	copy	kmail	wnet	hq	hal	bbs	qwktousenet	gateway	dialins	free	usenet	mail	newsgroups	pcboard	uupcb	kmail	call	member	eff	asp	asad	disk	serving	ann	arbor
36--------------
topic:	172	disk	hard	feature	controller	drive	cylinders	supports	mfm	interleave	floppy
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
sender	unt	usenet	adminstrator	organization	university	north	texas	references	date	mon	apr	gmt	responded	original	post	number	western	digital	tech	support	determined	upgrade	bios	super	bios	handle	hard	drives	read	write	heads	cylinders	upgrade	payable	check	money	order	send	western	digital	corporation	technical	support	group	po	box	irvine	ca	super	bios	wd	xt	hard	drive	controller	card	series	bios	system	handle	drives	responses	request	follow	sig	warning	long	keith	keith	rice	north	texas	computer	science	texas	usa	responses	sat	apr	received	mailboxsyredu	ponder	id	sat	apr	bob	valentine	received	mothrasyredu	mailboxsyredu	id	sat	apr	est	received	mothrasyredu	id	sat	apr	est	date	sat	apr	est	messageid	status	subject	drivecontroller	compatibility	newsgroups	compsysibmpchardware	inreplyto	organization	syracuse	university	syracuse	ny	cc	article	write	bought	seagate	hard	drive	guy	told	fully	tested	good	home	install	compaq	portable	technology	mfm	controller	installed	drive	powered	system	post	error	controller	western	digital	rev	drive	seagate	system	compaq	portable	circa	ah	finally	question	answer	mess	older	stuff	alot	kinda	fun	problem	forsee	compadible	wd	card	bios	rom	check	numbers	nonsmt	chip	board	slightly	center	left	bios	read	digits	problems	jumpers	set	represents	jumper	factory	jumped	trace	pins	select	primary	controller	address	drive	jumpers	represents	jumper	questions	drive	controller	compatible	notice	left	jumper	table	settings	control	drive	controller	thinks	rom	set	open	open	open	open	closed	closed	open	open	note	wd	runs	numbers	jumper	block	top	bottom	represent	jumper	pins	pins	select	drive	setting	drive	pins	select	drive	drive	rom	autoconfig	big	book	jumpers	carddrive	set	correctly	problems	jumpers	risk	insulting	cables	good	jumper	moving	side	drive	narrow	data	cable	thrown	times	banged	head	day	system's	bios	upgrade	dunno	ibm	roms	quick	check	boot	dos	run	debug	enter	fffc	debug	prompt	return	rom	date	rice	oversimplified	appologize	hard	caliber	person	talking	bob	valentine	mon	apr	received	unitrixutracza	ponder	id	mon	apr	received	unitrixutracza	id	mon	apr	gmt	messageid	prof	piacenza	subject	date	mon	apr	gmt	xmailer	elm	mimeversion	contenttype	textplain	contenttransferencoding	contentlength	status	twisted	cable	move	jumper	drive	neighbouring	pins	twisted	cable	hard	disk	floppy	disk	coloured	stripe	pin	furthest	twist	products	xt	systems	hard	disk	controllers	mfm	hard	disk	drives	reference	note	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	jumper	configurable	secondary	addressing	default	drive	tables	built	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	dual	drive	operation	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	board	features	power	connector	filecard	applications	operate	systems	note	controller	card	unavailable	manufacturer	western	digital	march	reference	note	wdxtgen	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	builtin	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	dual	drive	operation	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	note	controller	card	unavailable	manufacturer	western	digital	march	feature	halfslot	size	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	jumper	configurable	secondary	addressing	default	drive	tables	built	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	dual	drive	operation	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	board	features	power	connector	filecard	applications	operate	systems	reference	note	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	builtin	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	dual	drive	operation	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	reference	note	hard	disk	controllers	rll	hard	disk	drives	reference	note	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	jumper	configurable	secondary	addressing	default	drive	tables	built	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	dual	drive	operation	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	board	features	power	connector	filecard	applications	operate	systems	note	controller	card	unavailable	manufacturer	western	digital	march	reference	note	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	interface	supports	rll	drives	heads	cylinders	builtin	rom	bios	supports	standard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	note	controller	card	unavailable	manufacturer	western	digital	march	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	jumper	configurable	secondary	addressing	default	drive	tables	built	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	dual	drive	operation	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	board	features	power	connection	filecard	applications	operate	systems	reference	note	feature	halfslot	size	hard	disk	controller	interface	supports	rll	drives	heads	cylinders	builtin	rom	bios	supports	nonstandard	drive	types	virtual	drive	formatting	bad	track	formatting	dynamic	formatting	note	system	bios	chips	support	hard	disk	drive	western	digital	xt	controller	card	system	boot	solve	problem	rom	bios	chips	disabled	disable	bios	western	digital	xt	controller	card	remove	jumper	position	add	jumper	position	depending	model	xt	controller	note	tandy	systems	modified	operate	tandy	series	computers	models	sx	tx	original	version	computers	utilize	interrupt	ibm	standard	modify	operate	systems	cut	etch	pin	pin	jumper	position	solder	pin	pin	position	complete	modification	jumper	added	position	switch	rows	pins	note	physical	modification	western	digital	hard	disk	controller	voids	warranty	board	modify	tandy	system	ohm	resister	soldered	jumper	position	change	interrupt	xt	controllers	floppy	disk	drives	halfslot	floppy	disk	controller	xt	systems	versions	board	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	includes	optional	control	data	power	connector	optional	power	connector	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	includes	rom	bios	enable	system	recognize	floppy	disk	drive	supported	system	rom	bios	optional	rom	bios	controller	card	operate	high	density	floppy	disk	drives	xt	system	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	includes	optional	control	data	power	connector	optional	power	connector	rom	bios	enable	system	recognize	floppy	disk	drives	supported	system	rom	bios	optional	rom	bios	controller	card	operate	high	density	floppy	disk	drives	xt	system	products	systems	hard	disk	controllers	mfm	hard	disk	drives	floppy	support	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	faster	data	transfer	due	caching	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	hard	disk	controllers	mfm	hard	disk	drives	floppy	disk	drives	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	full	form	factor	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	mb	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	full	xt	form	factor	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	mb	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	faster	data	transfer	due	caching	floppy	disk	drives	mb	mb	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	hard	disk	controllers	rll	hard	disk	drives	floppy	support	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	user	define	drive's	parameters	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	additional	drive	parameter	tables	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	faster	data	transfer	due	caching	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	user	define	drive's	parameters	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	hard	disk	controllers	rll	hard	disk	drives	floppy	disk	drives	feature	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	mb	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	mb	mb	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	user	define	drive's	parameters	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	hard	disk	controller	card	interface	supports	maximum	rll	hard	disk	drives	heads	cylinders	floppy	disk	drives	mb	mb	features	interleave	faster	data	transfer	due	caching	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	user	define	drive's	parameters	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	hard	disk	controllers	esdi	hard	disk	drives	floppy	support	controller	card	support	esdi	hard	disk	drives	megabit	data	transfer	rate	interleave	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	shadow	ram	enable	controller	card	interface	types	esdi	drives	modifying	system	rom	bios	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	controller	card	support	esdi	hard	disk	drives	megabit	data	transfer	rate	interleave	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	shadow	ram	enable	controller	card	interface	types	esdi	drives	modifying	system	rom	bios	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	hard	disk	controllers	esdi	hard	disk	drives	floppy	disk	drives	controller	card	support	esdi	hard	disk	drives	megabit	data	transfer	rate	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	mb	mb	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	shadow	ram	enable	controller	card	interface	types	esdi	drives	modifying	system	rom	bios	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	controller	card	support	esdi	hard	disk	drives	megabit	data	transfer	rate	interleave	floppy	drives	mb	mb	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	bus	speed	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	shadow	ram	enable	controller	card	interface	types	esdi	drives	modifying	system	rom	bios	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameters	controller	card	support	esdi	hard	disk	drives	megabit	data	transfer	rate	interleave	floppy	disk	drives	mb	mb	board	serial	port	parallel	port	feature	includes	optional	rom	bios	shadow	ram	enable	controller	card	interface	types	esdi	drives	modifying	system	rom	bios	feature	include	rom	bios	drive	tables	system's	rom	bios	drive	parameter	hard	disk	controllers	scsi	hard	disk	drives	scsi	host	adapter	serves	interface	bus	scsi	bus	drivers	receivers	included	permitting	direct	cable	connections	scsi	bus	pin	connector	bus	edge	connectors	utilizes	jumper	configurable	options	enable	address	space	dma	channels	interrupt	requests	selected	suit	user's	application	board	features	word	data	transfer	megabytes	synchronous	onboard	floppy	disk	controller	rom	bios	note	operates	standard	dos	dos	scsi	host	adapter	card	features	additional	support	capabilities	software	developed	columbia	data	products	support	msdos	compaq	dos	pcdos	version	xenix	microsoft	windows	novell	sytos	tape	backup	wdatxtfasst	kit	unintelligent	scsi	host	adapter	compatible	ibm	xt	compatible	systems	pin	external	scsi	bus	connector	standard	pin	internal	scsi	cable	wdatxtfasst	target	initiator	serves	excellent	tool	scsi	designers	cost	alternative	users	desiring	install	scsi	peripheral	device	hard	disk	drive	tape	backup	unit	kit	includes	scsi	hba	board	manual	fasst	software	diskettes	internal	scsi	cable	sytos	tape	backup	utility	fasstsytos	fasst	version	sytos	tape	backup	utilities	msdos	compatible	runs	fasst	software	products	revision	hard	disk	controllers	model	systems	microchannel	architecture	feature	hard	disk	controller	interface	microchannel	systems	supports	mfm	drives	heads	cylinders	interleave	faster	data	transfer	due	caching	thev	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	system	speed	feature	controller	card	support	esdi	hard	disk	drives	megabit	transfer	rate	rom	bios	shadow	ram	enable	controller	card	interface	types	esdi	hard	disk	drives	modifying	system	bios	interleave	boards	run	high	speed	systems	megahertz	bus	speed	controllers	floppy	disk	drives	halfslot	floppy	disk	controller	xt	systems	versions	board	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	includes	optional	control	data	power	connector	optional	power	connector	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	includes	rom	bios	enable	system	recognize	floppy	disk	drives	supported	system	rom	bios	optional	rom	bios	controller	card	operate	high	density	floppy	disk	drives	xt	system	feature	supports	floppy	disk	drives	includes	optional	control	data	power	connector	optional	power	connector	rom	bios	enable	system	recognize	floppy	disk	drives	supported	system	rom	bios	optional	rom	bios	controller	card	operate	high	density	floppy	disk	drives	xt	system	prof	piacenza	chemistry	department	university	transkei	internet	preferred	tel	internet	mon	apr	received	transferstratuscom	ponder	id	mon	apr	received	necisuucp	transferstratuscom	id	mon	apr	edt	received	mydual	necisnecismaneccom	id	apr	edt	received	mydualuucp	id	mon	apr	est	date	mon	apr	est	kirtland	olson	messageid	subject	drivecontroller	compatibility	newsgroups	compsysibmpchardware	inreplyto	organization	harvard	group	replyto	cc	status	suggest	move	jumper	drive	rightward	position	kirt	kirtland	olson	harvard	ma	usa
37--------------
topic:	112	prozac	pittsburgh	chip	effects	gilbert	pa	kenneth	uart	theraputic	drug
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	philip	spiro	writes	george	theall	wrote	article	dicky	johan	writes	uart	chip	uart	chip	sales	critter	spoke	week	gateway	socketed	chips	find	upgrade	chip	minor	nuisance	worth	gw	salesman	soldered	board	gw	pls	settle	inspection	phil	phil	spiro	sodered	card	heard	multitasking	fifo	buffer	loosing	data	bryan	luff	math	comp	sci	cal	pa
38--------------
topic:	60	keyboard	program	ctrl	lock	programs	simtel	pc	engineering	codes	key
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	herculeslancecolostateedu	article	john	wen	writes	john	wen	pc	keyboard	location	cap	lock	ctrl	keys	pc	keyboard	cap	lock	ctrl	key	mon	apr	gmt	software	exchange	caps	lock	ctrl	atstyle	keyboard	memory	resident	work	programs	feature	program	aware	shareware	program	feature	program	program	archive	simtel	mirror	sites	msdoskeyboard	directory	written	assembler	compiler	create	keyboard	map	binary	editor	edit	compiled	keyboard	driver	compiler	simtel	simply	serach	codes	locate	biginning	normal	keyboard	map	swap	codes	keys	swap	keyboard	directory	simtel	programs	report	scancode	key	bios	programs	info	good	luck	pete	peter	mckinney	electrohydrodynamic	laboratory	fluid	mechanics	wind	engineering	program	civil	engineering	department	colorado	state	university
39--------------
topic:	191	nntppostinghost	compsysibmpcflametherapy	tin	xnewsreader	agree	created	group	great	idea	necisuucp
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	xnewsreader	tin	great	idea	group	created	compsysibmpcflametherapy	agree
40--------------
topic:	120	template	rgb	signal	subsystem	simple	device	sort	lang	post	xnewsreader
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	xnewsreader	tin	device	isa	board	subsystem	rgb	video	signals	combine	template	template	simple	rectangular	window	signal	interior	signal	exterior	beleive	fancier	harware	exist	exclude	search	sort	hardware	exists	ntsc	rgb	email	post	leads	gordon	lang
41--------------
topic:	71	machine	gateway	problems	disks	dos	glad	properly	run	software	john
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
kinds	complaints	gateways	thought	post	pleasant	experiences	machine	friday	weeks	day	called	order	unboxing	perfect	order	peripherals	ordered	properly	installed	cdrom	impressed	quantity	quality	gateway	documentation	software	original	disks	manuals	gateway	manual	nice	binder	ati	gup	drivers	software	microsoft	office	properly	installed	machine	box	performing	flawlessly	weekend	reaches	room	temperature	big	roomy	tower	case	lot	running	dos	problems	read	people	problems	high	speed	serial	communications	dos	interlink	program	lets	link	computer	serial	port	baud	maps	machines	hard	disks	disks	cd	drives	run	programs	copy	files	peerpeer	lan	run	programs	machine	street	machine	server	machine	client	differ	peer	peer	stuff	bundled	dos	utility	impressive	minutes	data	bypassed	potential	gateway	monitor	problems	credit	applying	nec	love	monitor	glad	good	news	gateway	stories	glad	working	john	john	gayman	uucp	packet
42--------------
topic:	58	card	screen	problem	times	manually	bottom	work	gateway	cut	computer
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
wondering	problem	gateway	vlbus	system	ati	graphics	ultra	pro	lb	computer	resolution	fine	windows	autocad	gifs	screen	inches	shorter	top	bottom	screen	bar	black	screen	cut	squeezes	smaller	space	messes	aspect	ratio	manually	change	vsize	pain	ass	happen	called	gateway	numerous	times	times	card	times	card	work	computer	bill	card	couple	days	told	phone	wait	weeks	billing	card	customer	support	story	problem	hell	solution	problem	advance	jude	greer	ps	mach	install	program	manually	set	ting	card	work	increase	vertical	size	screen	starts	cut	top	bottom
43--------------
topic:	72	faster	guy	speed	bus	io	tel	hoskyns	localbus	jv	cache
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	volkert	writes	anonymous	posting	choice	wondering	faster	path	external	cache	choice	work	properly	localbus	cache	speed	speed	blocked	video	io	faster	speculate	localbus	times	fast	expensive	cheap	technically	reason	chip	set	support	local	bus	waiting	mezzianine	sp	vl	bus	decoupled	main	cpu	clock	slots	due	user	buffers	faster	cpus	standard	io	cards	buss	spec	jv	jv	meuldijk	address	gildelaar	hw	teteringen	holland	email	guy	guy	dawson	hoskyns	group	plc	tel	hoskyns	uk	tel	ibm	austin	usa
44--------------
topic:	115	ftp	find	book	interrupt	information	site	bios	advance	emilio	calls
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
find	information	netbios	bios	interrupt	calls	book	ftp	site	advance	emilio
45--------------
topic:	96	controller	floppy	irq	disk	cards	address	drive	ide	cable	primarysecondary
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	xnewsreader	tin	responded	email	tips	pan	good	hearing	earlier	post	disk	controller	acculogic	floppy	ide	controller	jumpers	defaulted	shown	normal	irqdelayed	irq	primarysecondary	floppy	address	singledual	speed	floppy	primarysecondary	ide	address	precomp	ns	iochrdy	drivenide	drive	controls	iochrdy	cards	check	brand	parallel	adapter	logitech	bus	mouse	adapter	roland	midi	interface	default	irq	mem	address	opened	box	removed	cards	changed	normal	irq	delayed	irq	disk	controller	difference	driven	effect	put	reinstalled	cards	unplugged	floppy	drive	cable	disk	controller	voila	pc	booted	power	seconds	access	hard	disk	plug	floppy	cable	controller	original	nonboot	behavior	returns	additional	information	netland	words	wisdom	deal	larry	unplugging	byler
46--------------
topic:	94	pc	interface	chips	installed	floppy	easily	computers	devices	existing	ibm
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	article	mika	iisakkila	wrote	contract	ibm	allowed	sell	chips	parties	chips	nonibm	machines	months	pc	pc	world	ad	computers	ibm's	ibm	restricted	selling	chips	anymore	clocktripled	coprocessor	great	onboard	cache	pincompatible	chip	upgrade	dreams	taka	mizutani
47--------------
topic:	104	windows	qemm	manual	stacks	comp	setup	needed	writes	article	bodnar
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	richardmmaniscalco	writes	article	john	bodnar	writes	edgar	pearlstein	computer	arrived	statement	configsys	file	stacks	changed	stacks	saved	bytes	lowered	microsoft	set	single	installed	windows	simple	eisa	motherboards	ndi	volante	tiga	adapters	intel	ethernet	express	caching	scsi	controllers	dpt	dtc	problem	extra	gained	means	lot	conventional	gobbling	programs	orcad	tango	pcb	bodnar	developing	windows	university	texas	austin	applications	inhaled	csutexasutccwfjbodnar	borland	ceo	philippe	kahn	remember	reading	qemm	manual	needed	windows	setup	program	hmmmmmmi	comp	windows	preinstalled	stacks	needed	setup	morons	qemm	manual	verything	comp	qemm	manual	verify	mickey	michael	panayiotakis	uunetseasgwuedulouray	jack	straw	wichita	cut	buddy	dug	shallow	grave	lay	body	gd
48--------------
topic:	151	md	mo	data	disks	system	sony	tax	audio	formats	drives
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
xnewsreader	tin	wrote	md	offshoot	technology	exists	mo	drive	mo	drives	exist	computers	expensive	bit	slow	disks	cheep	mb	disks	dan	read	article	personal	computer	world	digit	audion	formats	dcc	md	talked	nice	data	storage	calculation	data	store	author	talking	sony	formats	mentioned	reply	md	purely	audio	format	data	pressed	info	mo	sony	man	basically	admitted	slight	adaptabtion	md	original	poster	wanting	mo	drives	md	audio	player	prices	assume	problem	md	system	higher	tolerances	mo	system	ear	pick	occasional	bit	error	archiving	program	david	shepherd	tel	inmos	aztec	west	almondsbury	bristol	rates	poll	tax	council	tax	nicholas	ridley
49--------------
topic:	157	copy	windows	norton	directory	worked	disks	disk	backup	masters	fine
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	hermesacmrpiedu	mitch	writes	masters	wordperfect	windows	norton	send	copy	noncollege	address	safekeeping	students	borrowing	masters	worried	screwed	realize	inevitably	anal	retentive	moron	wag	fingers	jowls	outrage	personal	politics	important	irrelevant	problem	windows	system	disks	hate	disks	copied	high	density	xcopy	worked	fine	fact	changing	configurations	whatnot	decided	putting	hard	disk	copy	disk	directory	simply	copy	directory	lot	nicer	switching	printer	emulations	norton	experience	friend's	system	crashed	restored	backup	originals	worked	fine	imply	arj	norton	create	workable	backup	full	install	time	played	wp	windows	big	fan	utah	good	luck	disclaimer	copy	floppy	tm	respect	elders	wages	sin	sic	death	hefty	legal	bill	offend	rob	rob	keywords	oldfield	jane's	leather	phish	light	blue	bondage	rem	dtp	steely	dan	fnm	owl	genesis	spaceship	silver	spaceship	lion	takes	control
50--------------
topic:	166	drive	scsi	dos	drdos	irq	partition	shares	advance	work	primary
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
howdy	covered	pc	illiterate	friends	asked	install	drdos	nec	powermate	sx	problem	work	drdos	refuses	recognize	hard	drive	installation	boot	hard	drive	dos	openning	discovered	seagate	scsi	controller	scsi	drive	booted	drdos	floppy	time	ran	fdisk	access	drive	lo	behold	primary	mbyte	partition	intact	created	dos	partition	older	doses	wrong	remove	primary	partition	unaware	special	scsi	drive	kinda	expected	work	idemfmrll	drive	dos	installations	suggestions	greatly	appreciated	throw	garbage	buy	pc	advance	paul	scsi	fincke
51--------------
topic:	122	simms	simm	pins	slot	jason	wrong	encountered	undoubtedly	post	chunks
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	writes	local	bus	system	slots	simms	simms	question	simm	pins	slot	pins	wrong	simm	simm	pins	slot	flilled	encountered	long	slot	simms	suggestions	hold	gateway	post	net	bought	wrong	simmsyou	pin	simmsthese	becuase	sendreceive	data	parity	byte	chunks	undoubtedly	simms	widely	future	jason	jason	walters	aka	modem	mouth
52--------------
topic:	8	files	drive	small	hd	computer	commands	msdos	frequently	originator	format
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
nntppostinghost	statlerenginumichedu	originator	silly	question	frequently	edit	small	files	copies	floppy	diskettes	size	format	computer	equipped	hd	drive	hd	drive	copying	swapping	files	temporarily	hard	disk	full	standard	msdos	commands	diskcopy	works	small	selections	files	xcopy	atxt	write	file	copy	command	idea	amuse	francisco
53--------------
topic:	18	stephen	husak	tape	mode	comments	email	easy	depeche	eaten	appreciated
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
reply	email	job	related	colorado	jumbo	backup	system	places	employment	eaten	tapes	winding	tape	spool	easy	fix	tape	drive	fried	simply	cleaning	comments	appreciated	stephen	husak	woke	today	depeche	mode	music	masses	stephen	husak	univerisity	illinois
54--------------
topic:	94	pc	interface	chips	installed	floppy	easily	computers	devices	existing	ibm
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
scsi	interface	giving	floppy	interface	reduce	price	easily	installed	existing	devices	easily	installed	existing	pc	clone	devices	true	controller	computers	bios	wouldnt	sony's	interest	restrict	customers	pc	clones	apple	obsolete	boxes	familiar	floppy	interface	bella	lugosi's	dead	jim
55--------------
topic:	137	chipset	bus	fanout	high	statements	clones	term	attempt	opinions	owns
file label:comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware_train
article	writes	intel	bus	completely	defined	people	long	term	solution	larger	fanout	cheap	complex	chipset	friend	owns	company	builds	clones	shared	fact	pci	chipset	expensive	moneyhungryclone	makers	doubt	attempt	price	boards	high	technology	lance	hartmann	percent	sign	network	address	statements	comments	opinions	reflect	author	misconstrued	ibm	matter
56--------------
topic:	92	ho	ng	leung	drink	milk	writes	article	school	problems	primary
file label:sci.med_train
article	ho	leung	ng	writes	kid	primary	school	drink	tons	milk	problems	nowadays	drink	experiencing	discomfort	responsible	change	ho	leung	ng
57--------------
topic:	95	patients	cafergot	tablets	suspect	vomited	stated	effective	surrender	shameful	banks
file label:sci.med_train
article	douglas	rand	writes	neurologist	prescribed	cafergot	alternatives	stated	sublingual	tablets	ergotamine	longer	idea	suggested	mg	ibuprophen	sublinguals	disappearing	profitable	cafergot	bad	tablets	vomited	migraine	patients	good	flushed	toilet	suspect	moving	patients	dhe	nasal	spray	effective	gordon	banks	skepticism	chastity	intellect	shameful	surrender
58--------------
topic:	181	weight	forsberg	caused	temporary	observation	technology	chuck	adiposity	people	loss
file label:sci.med_train
article	beth	mazur	writes	chuck	forsberg	writes	experience	valid	people	overweight	stable	normal	weight	observation	cent	maintain	weight	current	technology	observation	seek	socalled	diet	evangelists	maintain	weight	agree	keith	lynch	people	lose	weight	reflected	failure	rate	quoted	study	researcher	asked	general	population	part	university	community	weight	loss	heshe	higher	percentage	lost	maintained	fact	adiposity	mentions	similar	study	search	life	events	version	adiposity	problem	anecdotal	reports	individuals	lost	weight	caused	weight	gain	place	critical	gains	weight	temporary	drug	effect	life	event	successful	dieting	weight	loss	result	reversing	temporary	condition	caused	weight	gain	chuck	forsberg	tektronixreedomencaf	author	ymodem	zmodem	professionalyam	zcomm	dsz	omen	technology	high	reliability	software	nw	sauvie	portland
59--------------
topic:	16	disease	buy	health	people	adequately	die	treatment	money	covered	herman
file label:sci.med_train
article	herman	rubin	writes	article	ken	mitchum	writes	disease	great	leveling	experience	people	afronted	find	money	world	buy	health	die	money	buy	health	talking	paying	medical	expenses	adequately	covered	herman	people	wouldcould	distinguish	health	treatment	disease	prevention	medicine	people	preach	time	buy	health	buy	treatment	disease	assuming	lucky	disease	treated	rich	person	terminal	disease	bit	luck	adequately	covered	worth	admit	patients	die	km
60--------------
topic:	37	surgery	year	recurrent	boy	volvulus	probability	time	recurrence	attacks	wife
file label:sci.med_train
recurrent	volvulus	recurrent	volvulus	boy	suffering	infant	surgery	year	surgery	performed	year	years	turned	february	afflicted	illness	hospitalised	vomitting	accompanying	stomach	painhe	managed	surgery	wife	noticed	affliction	peaks	time	born	nearabouts	march	year	significance	recur	family	severe	pain	boy	undergo	surgery	surgery	rectify	situation	hospital	canada	specialize	malady	good	book	explaining	disease	detail	keeping	diet	probability	recurrence	time	probability	recurrence	stronger	healthier	prone	attacks	assumption	wrong	throwing	light	queries	highly	appreciated
61--------------
topic:	123	migraine	hurt	headache	side	important	tensiontype	diagnosis	therapies	pain	email
file label:sci.med_train
classify	mild	headache	continuous	weeks	migraine	typical	features	unilateral	nausea	vomiting	photophobia	migraines	common	agreement	episodic	constant	glad	doctor	suffering	remember	tested	healthy	nagging	pain	qualifications	side	frequently	included	entire	side	arm	leg	eye	side	tongue	hurt	tingled	noise	hurt	light	hurt	thinking	hurt	bad	lose	ability	read	differential	diagnosis	migraine	nonmigranous	pain	important	therapies	effective	tricyclic	antidepressants	amitriptyline	nonsteroidal	antiinflammatory	drugs	ibuprofen	therapies	specific	betablockers	propranolol	work	migraine	tensiontype	headache	important	perspective	relief	understand	diagnosis	migraine	necessarily	psychogenic	suspect	organic	factors	play	large	role	tensiontype	headache	migraine	slmr	email	jim	zisfein
62--------------
topic:	190	girlfriend	counselor	changed	larry	time	subject	content	examine	question	dramatically
file label:sci.med_train
larry	silverberg	writes	question	hope	subject	content	long	time	girlfriend	initiating	sexual	months	changed	dramatically	shorter	summary	suggested	sex	counselor	suggestions	appreciated	contact	email	info	replies	larry	larry	subject	content	question	hand	state	changed	dramatically	time	changed	girlfriend	counselor	recommend	examine	hesitation	counselor	good	environment	examine	issues	fact	matter	girlfriend	perception	address	issue	order	resolve	counselor	girlfriend	possibly	hurt	cliff	paramedic
63--------------
topic:	180	bone	sacrum	vertebrae	ron	solid	adjust	endless	applying	adjusted	patients
file label:sci.med_train
ron	vertebrae	attached	sacrum	knowledge	adjusted	applying	pressure	pubic	bone	ron	endless	source	misinformation	sacral	vertebrae	bone	called	sacrum	spine	single	solid	bone	patients	lumbarized	normal	variant	adjust	solid	bone	break	david	nye	midelfort	clinic	eau	claire	wi	patently	absurd	wishes	philosopher	learn	frightened	absurdities	bertrand	russell
64--------------
topic:	63	disease	time	emphysema	lung	good	cigarette	attributed	week	lining	sentence
file label:sci.med_train
friend	week	tests	emphysema	lung	capacity	decreased	time	father	died	disease	works	woodworking	occasional	cigarette	cigarette	day	tells	thisi've	light	pretty	healthy	life	style	habits	good	diet	exercise	meditation	retreats	therapy	anyhowhe	concerned	check	disease	interferes	lining	lung	exchange	oxygen	diagnosis	emphysema	death	sentence	give	smoking	chances	recovery	modern	therapies	people	disease	information
65--------------
topic:	180	bone	sacrum	vertebrae	ron	solid	adjust	endless	applying	adjusted	patients
file label:sci.med_train
xnewsreader	tin	david	nye	wrote	ron	vertebrae	attached	sacrum	knowledge	adjusted	applying	pressure	pubic	bone	ron	endless	source	misinformation	sacral	vertebrae	bone	called	sacrum	spine	single	solid	bone	patients	lumbarized	normal	variant	adjust	solid	bone	break	surely	meant	measure	flow	electromagnetic	energy	sacrum	adjust	flows	crystal	chromium	applied	great	toe	kenneth	gilbert	university	pittsburgh	general	internal	medicine	dammit	programmer
66--------------
topic:	174	migraine	prophylaxis	israeli	dose	peace	work	writes	realize	therapies	control
file label:sci.med_train
article	lindy	foster	writes	treated	therapies	migraine	prophylaxis	treatment	propanolol	relief	started	day	propranolol	homeopathic	dose	migraine	fatigued	level	tolerate	beta	blocker	antidepressant	route	work	migraine	prophylaxis	single	nightime	dose	work	migraine	seratonin	gordon	banks	skepticism	chastity	intellect	shameful	surrender
67--------------
topic:	12	data	brain	project	visualizations	depicting	humbio	effects	sets	function	neurotransmitters
file label:sci.med_train
publically	accessible	sources	data	depicting	brain	neuron	functions	interesting	volumetric	data	brain	scans	electromicographs	email	humbio	project	cdrombased	curriculum	tool	sixth	seventh	eigthgraders	studying	function	human	brain	effects	neurotransmitters	alcohol	drugs	special	focus	depicting	effects	neurotransmitters	behavior	volotta	interactive	video	producing	project	stanford	univers	ity	preproduction	phase	data	sets	visualizations	depicting	brain	function	brain	neuron	molecular	levels	intend	stateoftheart	visualization	tools	render	instructive	visualizations	fourdimensional	data	sets	alreadycompleted	visualizations	effect
68--------------
topic:	176	college	army	chiropractic	break	spring	care	question	post	arrival	stressor
file label:sci.med_train
responded	original	post	question	final	diagnosis	stress	chiropractic	adjustment	rachel	receives	medical	care	keller	army	hospital	military	dependant	army	provide	chiropractic	adjustments	part	regular	health	care	hoping	arrival	spring	break	college	acceptance	letters	waitlisted	college	dearly	wanted	attend	stressor	continue	camping	trip	religious	youth	group	spring	break	good	stressreliever	everybody's	helpadvicesuggestionsideas	ruth	ginzberg	philosophy	departmentwesleyan	universityusa
69--------------
topic:	10	people	mamma	thought	started	building	person	kill	woman	told	apartment
file label:sci.med_train

70--------------
topic:	69	science	times	article	lung	cancer	memory	interested	evidence	exsmoker's	post
file label:sci.med_train
article	writes	long	smoker's	lungs	clear	tar	quitting	chances	lung	cancer	decrease	quickly	considerable	amount	time	happen	read	ny	times	science	times	science	news	evidence	exsmoker's	risk	lung	cancer	returns	person	smoked	close	find	article	post	memory	hazy	specifics	interested	michael
71--------------
topic:	42	net	business	o'donnell	offered	period	john	newsgroup	doctor	standard	setel
file label:sci.med_train
article	john	setel	o'donnell	writes	lyme	disease	told	private	email	predicted	start	migrating	pains	joint	imho	original	poster	business	soliciting	diagnoses	net	drmr	o'donnell	business	supplying	major	reason	real	physicians	avoid	newsgroup	plague	double	standard	physician	offered	diagnose	treat	net	sued	people	qualifications	free	disclaim	doctor	crap	net	period	km
72--------------
topic:	47	amount	clear	lungs	long	decrease	happen	tar	chances	quitting	time
file label:sci.med_train
long	smoker's	lungs	clear	tar	quitting	chances	lung	cancer	decrease	quickly	considerable	amount	time	happen
73--------------
topic:	61	ovule	pill	prevents	contraceptive	vagina	works	risk	pregnancy	extrauterine	nest
file label:sci.med_train
xnewsreader	tin	wrote	simple	question	contraceptive	pill	prevents	ovule	nest	vagina	forces	fall	month	prevent	fertilzation	ovule	true	risk	extrauterine	pregnancy	development	ovule	fallopian	tube	pill	works	iud	works	oral	contraceptive	pill	prevents	ovulation	occuring	providing	negatve	feedback	pituitary	gland	preventing	lh	surge	occurs	time	ovulation	iud	fertilization	occur	device	prevents	implantation	wall	uterus	vagina	kenneth	gilbert	university	pittsburgh	general	internal	medicine	dammit	programmer
74--------------
topic:	26	jiggers	polish	nail	skin	bumps	finger	flamed	read	seals	lake
file label:sci.med_train
article	susan	writes	friend	severe	jiggers	year	lot	pain	read	cure	jiggers	information	remember	treatment	read	flamed	kid	uncles	cabin	middle	bass	island	lake	erie	home	nasty	case	jiggers	large	red	bumps	buggers	burrowed	skin	mother	paint	bumps	clear	finger	nail	polish	repeated	daily	week	application	polish	supposed	suffocate	seals	skin	worked	word	caution	putting	finger	nail	polish	jigger	bite	stings	hell	flamed	put	jam	pockets	call	toast
75--------------
topic:	180	bone	sacrum	vertebrae	ron	solid	adjust	endless	applying	adjusted	patients
file label:sci.med_train
people	responded	request	info	treatment	astrocytomas	email	mailbouncing	probs	sean	debra	sharon	thought	publicly	glad	accidentally	hit	rn	rm	delete	file	september	hmmm	news	brian
76--------------
topic:	73	work	physicians	village	people	writes	article	leonard	bayonets	heaps	effect
file label:sci.med_train
article	david	nye	writes	total	disaster	canadian	model	preferable	agree	surprising	sympathy	effect	beating	poll	showed	people	thought	physicians	paid	year	tops	doubt	physicians	work	hard	kind	bread	service	med	school	debts	mike	royko	good	column	gordon	banks	skepticism	chastity	intellect	shameful	surrender
77--------------
topic:	60	keyboard	program	ctrl	lock	programs	simtel	pc	engineering	codes	key
file label:sci.med_train

78--------------
topic:	179	breathing	case	diabetes	branch	kirchoefer	occur	intake	direct	developing	sought
file label:sci.med_train
original	question	thread	experienced	breathing	difficulties	years	similar	case	turned	developing	type	diabetes	sought	direct	confirmation	doctor	breathing	problem	presence	ketones	due	diabetes	ketosis	occur	lesser	degree	restricting	food	intake	drastically	relevant	case	daughter	eating	properly	steve	kirchoefer	code	naval	research	laboratory	microwave	technology	branch	washington	dc	electronics	sci	tech	division
79--------------
topic:	196	announcing	referred	inappropriate	libertarian	doug	groups	message	apparently	liberty	lot
file label:sci.med_train
bobwaldrop	send	referred	message	lot	apparently	inappropriate	groups	learning	announcing	announcing	announcing	celebrate	liberty	libertarian	party	national	convention	political	expo	doug	foxvog
80--------------
topic:	119	blood	red	cross	provide	died	transfusions	people	long	agencies	good
file label:sci.med_train
article	paula	ford	writes	friend	regular	volunteer	blood	donor	surgery	units	blood	suitable	recovery	time	donate	blood	bloodmobile	red	cross	notified	died	years	week	left	long	counselling	meant	long	practices	varied	agencies	gear	provide	counselling	wife	fouryearold	son	people	suggested	wife	sue	red	cross	transfusions	died	surgery	good	suing	community	service	agencies	provide	blood	people	testing	fool	proof	fact	aids	transfusion	red	cross	screwed	prior	good	test	lot	bad	blood	fault	red	cross	transfusions	gordon	banks	skepticism	chastity	intellect	shameful	surrender
81--------------
topic:	111	banks	surrender	chastity	skepticism	gordon	shameful	intellect	article	nerve	vagus
file label:sci.med_train
article	brian	barker	writes	connection	vomiting	fainting	vagus	nerve	stimulation	vagus	nerve	slows	heart	drops	blood	pressure	gordon	banks	skepticism	chastity	intellect	shameful	surrender
82--------------
topic:	48	birth	risks	humans	give	breech	wives	births	babies	designed	baby
file label:sci.med_train
article	kate	gregory	writes	article	mark	fulk	writes	uncommon	problem	maternal	hemorrhage	remember	births	hard	handle	home	time	people's	risk	tradeoffs	vary	risk	loss	loved	require	considerable	effort	avoiding	terrified	birth	process	ridiculous	unable	women's	bodies	designed	designed	evolved	discomforts	humans	troublefree	birth	process	sacrificed	increased	brain	cranial	size	wild	animals	easier	time	birth	humans	domestic	horses	cows	typically	worse	time	give	idea	family	tree	complicated	pioneer	greatgreat	grandfathers	wives	figure	wife	child	happened	greatgreat	grandfathers	time	reached	forties	prosperous	farmers	lost	wives	rigors	childbirth	graveyards	spencer	indiana	boswell	north	dakota	gravestones	ida	wf	jacob	liptrap	baby	wanted	section	women	carrying	breech	case	breech	babies	hung	stage	ten	consequences	devastating	direct	experience	dozen	victims	fouledup	breech	birth	babies	born	hospital	based	guess	maternal	false	belief	fatal	fatal	fatal	reach	adequate	permanently	damages	health	women's	bodies	give	birth	believer	divine	design	evolution	favor	troublefree	births	humans	kids	encourage	wife	inch	holes	cut	stomach	muscles	expose	anesthesia	infection	case	measures	wroth	read	outrageous	straw	man	attack	months	practically	mouth	foam	statistically	sophisticated	balance	risks	produce	exact	statistics	years	time	looked	rest	assured	balanced	csection	risks	risks	encourage	wife	caesarean	hand	opposed	obvious	grounds	waiting	emergency	give	bear	mind	wife	lead	decisions	talked	lot	leg	work	main	decisions	bothered	continued	misckidders	pregnant	birth	dangerous	fatal	risks	run	naturally	home	birth	advocates	firsttime	mother	baby	home	luddite	section	planning	hospital	birth	time	heaven's	sake	people	bother	find	relative	risks	wife	unwilling	significant	risks	order	nice	surroundings	view	intensity	birth	experience	doubt	surroundings	importance	values	advocating	lopsided	risks	small	permanent	harm	order	preserve	esthetic	consideration	mark	rochester	computer	science
83--------------
topic:	150	acne	son	treatment	dalacin	teenage	clearasil	couple	usual	wierd	counter
file label:sci.med_train
son	usual	teenage	spotty	chin	greasy	nose	bought	clearasil	face	wash	ointment	usual	good	diet	product	called	dalacin	doctor'sprescription	treatment	chemist's	counter	asked	couple	pharmacists	acne	severe	dalacin	clearasil	odd	spots	teenager	father	figure	acne	escalate	disfiguring	kids	senstitive	appearance	wary	neighbour's	son	wierd	malady	eventually	put	overdose	vitamin	acne	treatment	treatment	son	scaliness	hairline	scalp	sort	teenage	cradle	cap	pointersadvice	couple	anti	dandruff	shampoos	inclined	condition	worse	bury	kid	floggings	continue	morale	improves	pat	churchill	wellington	zealand
84--------------
topic:	2	crew	problems	ears	clear	limits	flying	rest	gmt	requirements	pilot
file label:sci.med_train
inreplyto	message	apr	gmt	apr	gmt	vida	morkunas	develop	innerear	problems	flying	hear	pilots	stewardesses	limit	maximum	number	flying	hours	limits	main	problems	longhaul	hours	trips	crew	rest	requirements	prevent	undue	fatigue	cockpit	crew	pilot	limits	stringent	cabin	crew	limits	reason	crew	rest	requirements	address	amount	time	duty	rest	time	tired	crew	accidentprone	crew	limits	innerear	problems	military	aircraft	frequently	unpressurized	reliably	pressurized	clear	ears	renders	aircrew	members	dnif	duties	involving	flying	grounded	ears	clear	flying	accentuate	problems	ears	clear	big	pressure	problem	zip	ft	usual	cabin	altitude	airliner	sea	level	discover	problem	ears	clear	readily	allergies	colds	infections	anatomical	problems	change	medication	decongestants	antihistimines	chewing	gum	sucking	hard	candy	bottle	babies	yawningthese	mary	shafer	dod	kotfr	nasa	dryden	flight	research	facility	edwards	ca	speak	nasa	mig	mig	unknown	fighter	pilot
85--------------
topic:	29	leung	drink	ng	state	sapiens	ho	school	asian	responsible	problems
file label:sci.med_train
article	ho	leung	ng	wrote	kid	primary	school	drink	tons	milk	problems	nowadays	drink	experiencing	discomfort	responsible	change	ho	leung	ng	older	intestine	normalized	weaned	state	lactose	tolerance	unusual	state	adults	mammals	sapiens	northern	european	origin	sapiens	asian	descent	assumption	based	loss	lactase	normal	steve	holland
86--------------
topic:	107	patient	eeg	scan	brain	cheaper	diagnosis	headache	ct	tumor	imaging
file label:sci.med_train
david	nye	neurology	consultation	cheaper	scan	neurologist	differential	diagnosis	migraine	tensiontype	headache	cluster	benign	intracranial	hypertension	chronic	paroxysmal	hemicrania	headache	syndromes	normal	scan	neurologist	recommend	treatment	diagnosis	people	convinced	brain	tumors	pathology	cheaper	ct	scan	er	weeks	easier	time	reassure	patient	personally	justified	sigh	justifiable	show	thoroughness	detailed	history	neurologic	examination	discussion	patient	diagnosis	salted	lots	reassurance	patients	order	scan	absolutely	aunt	millie	conversation	aunt	millie's	headaches	years	died	brain	tumor	aneurysm	ordering	imaging	patient	benign	headache	syndrome	hear	magic	bypass	imaging	eeg	mind	eeg	terribly	sensitive	brain	tumor	patient	feels	hours	spent	talking	examining	patient	eeg	ionizing	radiation	cheaper	ct	mri	eeg	brings	money	department	slmr	email	jim	zisfein
87--------------
topic:	92	ho	ng	leung	drink	milk	writes	article	school	problems	primary
file label:sci.med_train
article	writes	article	ho	leung	ng	writes	kid	primary	school	drink	tons	milk	problems	nowadays	drink	experiencing	discomfort	responsible	change	ho	leung	ng	oops	original	message	died	understood	wrongly	bacteria	digestive	tracts	break	components	milk	normal	flora	intestine	passes	childhood	pathologist	microbiologist	house	annemarie	rousseau	email	note	opinions
88--------------
topic:	160	palestinian	peace	houses	faisal	alhusseini	insurance	talks	phone	newspaper	meeting
file label:sci.med_train
article	linda	custer	writes	post	work	read	editorial	page	march	edition	time	noting	managed	care	extremely	inefficient	billary	pandering	insurance	industry	worst	agree	adding	layers	managers	bureaucrats	simply	eat	money	spent	work	doctors	nurse	supplies	efficient	system	limited	management	fixed	budget	england's	canada's	afraid	wrong	track	problem	insurance	lobby	powerful	gordon	banks	skepticism	chastity	intellect	shameful	surrender
89--------------
topic:	178	newsgroup	prolactin	scimedphysics	chemical	tsh	antero	lot	chemistry	julkunen	group
file label:sci.med_train
newsgroup	scimedphysics	lot	discussion	group	chemical	items	prolactin	cholesterol	tsh	newsgroup	scimedchemistry	antero	julkunen	dept	clinical	chemistry	university	kuopio	finland	email	phone	fax
90--------------
topic:	112	prozac	pittsburgh	chip	effects	gilbert	pa	kenneth	uart	theraputic	drug
file label:sci.med_train
kenneth	gilbert	writes	poorly	researched	invented	mind	days	bottle	coca	cola	coca	extract	amount	active	cocaine	times	changed	attitudes	change	part	point	aspirin	problems	situations	ditto	stuff	licorice	root	drug	theraputic	purposes	implicitly	carries	idea	dose	benefits	exceeded	unwanted	additional	effects	drug	potential	illeffects	risk	assumed	parties	involved	situation	risk	worthwhile	prozac	instance	prozac	shown	theraputic	cases	tricyclics	fail	prozac	long	clear	effects	long	periods	time	tested	present	day	standards	prozac	market	longterm	effects	imho	euclid	kenneth	gilbert	university	pittsburgh	general	internal	medicine	pittsburgh	pa	dammit	programmer	kenneth	gilbert	university	pittsburgh	general	internal	medicine	pittsburgh	pa	dammit	programmer	euclid	standard	disclaimers	apply	bit	ironic	wave	model	understand	propagation	light	part	system	leaves	trace	hudson	nelson
91--------------
topic:	144	ringing	experience	ears	months	good	normal	sleep	hearing	antidepressants	started
file label:sci.med_train
article	jim	fare	writes	friend	trouble	ears	ringing	ringing	loud	great	difficulty	sleeping	night	normal	night's	sleep	months	making	depressed	doctor	put	antidepressants	problem	doctor's	prescribing	medicine	exact	situation	antidepressants	work	helping	ringing	ringing	started	suddenly	months	quickly	losing	social	life	sanity	started	years	turns	tinnitus	bilateral	translation	ringing	ears	basically	drive	nuts	nowadays	plug	ears	fingers	check	ringing	tuned	read	personal	experience	treatments	experience	coping	opinions	antidepressant	drugs	millions	physician	learn	cope	mentioned	earlier	ignoring	eventually	unconscious	doc	caused	diet	caffeine	stress	changed	lifestyle	rarely	notice	kicks	necessarily	hearing	loss	caused	causing	ent	earnosethroat	exam	passed	fact	hearing	good	good	care	hearing	reaction	normal	tinnitus	chances	good	notice	info	experts	experience	readings	years	specifics	handy	jt
92--------------
topic:	178	newsgroup	prolactin	scimedphysics	chemical	tsh	antero	lot	chemistry	julkunen	group
file label:sci.med_train
antero	julkunen	writes	newsgroup	scimedphysics	lot	group	chemical	items	prolactin	tsh	newsgroup	scimedchemistry	potential	chemistry	splitting	classification	biochemistry	topics	thinking	pharmaceutical	biochemistry	separate	issue	sufficient	potential	news	volume	support	groups	add	em	medicalhealth	newsgroup	list	posting	discussing	days	pete
93--------------
topic:	144	ringing	experience	ears	months	good	normal	sleep	hearing	antidepressants	started
file label:sci.med_train
friend	trouble	ears	ringing	ringing	loud	great	difficulty	sleeping	night	normal	night's	sleep	months	making	depressed	doctor	put	antidepressants	ringing	started	suddenly	months	quickly	losing	sleep	social	life	sanity	treatments	experience	coping	mechanisms	opinions	antidepressant	drugs
94--------------
topic:	146	prednisone	day	long	patient	generally	crohn's	spenser	advice	start	term
file label:sci.med_train
prednisone	day	control	colitis	reduce	dosage	problem	worse	point	prednisone	long	time	wondering	long	term	major	side	potential	birth	defects	arthritis	weight	face	puffed	experience	sudden	mood	understand	short	term	spenser	aden	reply	additionally	hard	type	response	prednisone	long	patients	generally	steroids	months	thinking	tapering	alternatives	daily	dosing	day	dosing	case	day	start	option	prednisone	start	azathioprine	spenser	generally	drug	addition	prednisone	asulfidine	lot	specifics	options	depends	severity	location	duration	disease	histology	advice	net	worth	treat	patients	uc	crohn's	educated	patient	good	patient	doctor	advice	put	context	member	crohn's	colitis	foundation	america	office	info	hotline	luck	steve	holland
95--------------
topic:	61	ovule	pill	prevents	contraceptive	vagina	works	risk	pregnancy	extrauterine	nest
file label:sci.med_train
simple	question	contraceptive	pill	prevents	ovule	nest	vagina	forces	fall	month	prevent	fertilzation	ovule	true	risk	extrauterine	pregnancy	development	ovule	fallopian	tube	jcherbonnier
96--------------
topic:	63	disease	time	emphysema	lung	good	cigarette	attributed	week	lining	sentence
file label:sci.med_train
time	attributed	lack	sleep	disappeared	nights	good	zzz's
97--------------
topic:	85	risk	cancer	lung	question	smoking	answer	smoked	significant	years	time
file label:sci.med_train
article	writes	long	smoker's	lungs	clear	tar	quitting	chances	lung	cancer	decrease	quickly	considerable	amount	time	happen	answer	question	difficult	answer	lot	autopsies	question	time	appears	years	quitting	smoking	person's	risk	developing	lung	cancer	drops	person	smoked	assuming	lung	cancer	interim	risk	smoked	equivalent	pack	day	years	times	high	nonsmoker	significant	personally	concerned	heart	disease	secondary	smoking	common	small	increase	risk	significant	kenneth	gilbert	university	pittsburgh	general	internal	medicine	dammit	programmer
98--------------
topic:	142	year	breast	months	mother	feeding	years	child	unfit	nursing	homer
file label:sci.med_train
article	webster	homer	writes	robert	alexander	md	writes	additional	question	long	mother	breast	feed	child	friend	nursing	year	beneficial	exhusband	coninued	nursing	year	proof	unfit	mother	studies	breast	feeding	year	psychological	health	child	web	homer	wife	breastfed	boys	months	months	months	years	normal	noticed	negative	correlation	ear	infections	length	time	nursed	small	sample	notice	year	eat	lot	breast	feeding	understand	unfit	mother	charge	tactic	folks	divorcechild	custody	battles	developing	nations	practice	breast	feeding	years	screwed	cow's	milk	commercial	formula	doctors	bobby	akguarjb
99--------------
topic:	185	georgia	radio	infection	symptom	phone	artificial	eyelid	nicely	covington	stings
file label:sci.med_train
surprised	mentioned	twitching	eyelid	symptom	infection	itches	stings	happened	antibiotic	eyedrops	cleared	nicely	michael	covington	internet	artificial	intelligence	programs	phone	university	georgia	fax	athens	georgia	usa	amateur	radio
100--------------
topic:	39	otc	achesback	aches	aspirin	nntppostinghost	messageid	idea	muscle	larry	reduce
file label:sci.med_train
messageid	nntppostinghost	otc	preparations	muscle	achesback	aches	combine	aspirin	diuretic	idea	reduce	inflammation	rid	fluid	work	larry
101--------------
topic:	125	convention	karl	institute	hess	business	libertarian	sept	committee	expo	party
file label:sci.med_train
announcing	announcing	announcing	announcing	celebrate	liberty	libertarian	party	national	convention	political	expo	marriott	hotel	salt	palace	salt	lake	city	utah	includes	information	delegate	deals	popular	demand	convention	held	salt	palace	convention	center	marriott	hotel	salt	lake	city	utah	business	sessions	karl	hess	institute	political	expo	salt	palace	breakfasts	parties	banquet	marriott	hotel	marriott	hotel	room	rates	night	tax	total	rate	good	persons	room	occupancy	double	beds	people	beds	reservations	direct	hotel	purchase	room	mgp's	payment	plans	mgp	provide	assistance	matching	roommates	requested	august	sept	wanted	winning	elections	days	intensive	campaign	training	conducted	sal	guzzetta	year	veteran	campaigns	students	receive	pages	professional	campaign	manuals	strategy	targeting	opposition	research	fundraising	field	operations	price	purchased	august	sept	platform	bylaws	credentials	national	committee	meetings	shoot	salt	lake	pledge	committee	libertarian	majority	party's	membership	platform	definitions	change	compromise	platform	bylaws	committees	responsible	making	recommendations	convention	documents	convention	party	deletions	platform	convention	rules	amended	vote	change	rule	meetings	open	public	charge	attending	sept	celebrate	liberty	begins	political	expo	opens	sept	credentials	committee	report	delegates	gala	opening	ceremony	keynote	address	russell	means	lunch	break	convention	business	continues	standing	order	business	convention	rules	libertarian	party	document	karl	hess	institute	libertarian	politics	begins	runs	tandem	business	sessions	sept	dawns	early	light	green	dragon	inn	morning	evening	karl	hess	institute	convention	business	sept	dawns	early	light	freedom	rock	karl	hess	institute	convention	business	sept	dawns	early	light	convention	banquet	karl	hess	institute	convention	business	joyful	noise	activity	descriptions	dawns	early	light	great	convention	breakfasts	start	days	featuring	science	fiction	author	neil	smith	psychiatrist	author	dr	thomas	szasz	south	african	libertarian	leader	frances	kendall	green	dragon	inn	opening	night	party	named	famous	inn	sam	adams	crowd	plotted	trouble	british	pints	ale	beer	music	food	drink	comedy	freedom	rock	free	downtown	rock	concert	friday	night	drum	circle	comic	tim	slagle	middle	eastern	dancer	reggae	local	classic	rocknroll	bands	widely	publicized	local	area	major	outreach	opportunity	banquet	vivaldi	mozart	fine	dining	elegant	marriott	grand	ballroom	black	tie	optional	dancing	political	expo	exhibits	vendors	free	admission	event	widely	publicized	local	area	maximum	draw	major	outreach	opportunity	karl	hess	institute	libertarian	politics	workshops	speakers	roundtable	discussions	areas	liberty	generation	high	school	college	age	libertarians	talk	matters	generation	agenda	considers	key	issues	environment	health	care	century	economics	drug	war	amendment	social	services	foreign	policy	crime	violence	aids	great	debate	lp	strategy	tactics	media	ballot	access	initiatives	feminist	issues	presidential	campaigns	lp	elected	officials	grassroots	early	presidential	nomination	values	community	children	abundance	home	schooling	religion	liberty	race	campus	focus	organizing	academia	blue	collar	youth	convention	package	descriptions	prices	total	event	activities	aug	including	day	candidate	training	full	celebration	convention	activities	sept	late	riser	breakfasts	sept	thrift	breakfasts	banquet	issues	focus	karl	hess	institute	basic	convention	packet	souvenirs	karl	hess	institute	speakers	free	political	expo	access	convention	hall	keynote	address	joyful	noise	freedom	rock	free	outreach	speakers	note	prices	increase	special	student	prices	years	age	enrolled	college	university	month	payment	plans	include	housing	requested	add	day	candidate	training	package	total	event	add	price	prices	dollars	advertising	convention	program	exhibits	sponsorships	political	expo	free	political	expo	admission	mgp	promotions	draw	visitors	surrounding	community	million	people	live	minute	drive	expo	special	interest	group	organization	committee	schedule	space	presentation	contact	mgp	conducts	drawing	month	free	hotel	nights	sooner	register	chances	win	roommate	match	service	request	events	antifederalist	mgp	sponsored	writing	contest	june	submission	deadline	contact	mgp	prospectus	libertarian	games	friendly	competition	marksmanship	computer	programming	chess	libertarians	gay	lesbian	concerns	business	meeting	social	night	sponsored	lglc	event	listed	contact	mgp	details	attention	college	students	special	discounts	college	high	school	students	work	casual	housing	opportunities	poverty	caucus	college	libertarians	meet	celebrate	liberty	discuss	future	movement	campuses	contact	mgp	details	list	speakers	march	dean	richman	karen	richman	rick	rosenthal	dr	george	mary	ruwart	alan	luther	sharon	richard	shaw	gus	shaw	larry	neil	smith	dr	richard	sterling	don	nancy	richard	stroup	bill	thomas	szasz	bonnie	tanner	john	truth	doris	tuvim	leon	waldrop	patrick	wasley	karl	willis	dr	karl	hess	winger	jacob	ann	wollstein	brigham	young	upcoming	convention	developments	prices	increase	convention	packages	candidate	training	exhibitsadvertising	prices	convention	packages	total	event	full	celebration	late	riser	thrift	issues	focus	basic	free	prices	good	july	popular	demand	announcing	delegate	deals	business	focus	convention	activities	karl	hess	institute	ii	delegate	celebration	includes	complete	set	karl	hess	institute	audio	tapes	institute	tickets	standing	order	business	libertarian	party	convention	call	order	credentials	committee	report	adoption	agenda	treasurer's	report	bylaws	rules	committee	report	nonnominating	conventions	platform	committee	report	nonpresidential	nominating	conventions	deletions	considered	nomination	party	candidates	president	vicepresident	years	election	party	officers	atlarge	members	national	committee	election	judicial	committee	resolutions	business	questions	comments	grumbles	grins	suggestions	criticism	register	contact	morning	glory	productions	po	box	salt	lake	city	ut	email	checks	payable	morning	glory	productions	blame	voted	libertarian	disclaimer	speak	noted	copyright	rich	thomson	uucp	thomson	internet	programmer
102--------------
topic:	183	counselor	tin	asked	accept	world	interesting	hammercdchpcom	silverberg	advice	wrote
file label:sci.med_train
nntppostinghost	hammercdchpcom	xnewsreader	tin	larry	silverberg	wrote	suggested	sex	counselor	interesting	info	request	net	world	react	accept	advice	unknown	entities	counselor	suggestions	appreciated	counselor	asked
103--------------
topic:	110	oily	face	problem	skin	short	time	nose	acne	cleanser	wash
file label:sci.med_train
article	writes	oily	skin	problem	wash	face	hour	nose	region	illness	prevent	occuring	short	time	cleanser	job	cleaning	face	short	time	problem	face	oily	moderate	acne	problem	years	vigorously	scrub	face	nail	brush	soap	irish	spring	day	acne	problem	leave	pretty	health	nose	print	mirror	min	acne	real	problem	anymore
104--------------
topic:	102	ca	form	oral	ouchemchemoaklandedu	nntppostinghost	pharmacy	physician	gerd	drugs	subcutaneous
file label:sci.med_train
nntppostinghost	ouchemchemoaklandedu	sumatriptanimitrex	subcutaneous	injectable	form	oral	form	ca	friendyes	severe	migranes	times	week	live	ca	border	drugs	gerd	prescribed	physician	filled	ca	pharmacy	fda	approved	cost	oral	form	info
105--------------
topic:	169	absurdities	absurd	philosopher	eau	wishes	claire	bertrand	frightened	russell	learn
file label:sci.med_train
derek	case	histories	severe	mental	illness	cases	remarkably	tragic	accident	trauma	nobody's	fault	trapped	fire	losing	legs	patient	severely	chronically	depressed	kill	bullet	temple	essentially	gave	prefrontal	lobotomy	curing	depression	david	nye	midelfort	clinic	eau	claire	wi	patently	absurd	wishes	philosopher	learn	frightened	absurdities	bertrand	russell
106--------------
topic:	140	hdl	ldl	cholesterol	drug	risk	lopid	motorola	tablet	gee	risking
file label:sci.med_train
article	george	clark	writes	forget	total	cholesterol	assessing	health	risk	factors	relationship	ldl	hdl	cholesterol	ldl	hdl	gee	ldl	hdl	risking	risk	high	ldl	triglycerides	hdl	drug	choice	gemfibrozil	lopid	tablet	minutes	morning	evening	meals	exercise	lowfat	diet	longterm	effects	drug	doug	bank	private	systems	division	motorola	communications	sector	schaumburg	illinois
107--------------
topic:	6	gainesville	close	mcdonald	worth	claim	skin	oklahoma	robert	deeply	border
file label:sci.med_train
article	mark	robert	thorson	writes	happen	chiggers	awful	parasitic	affliction	understand	tiny	bugs	deeply	skin	burying	yuck	oklahoma	close	mother	gainesville	tex	border	claim	chigger	capitol	world	grew	fort	worth	bad	gainesville	summer	attack	guaranteed	doug	mcdonald
108--------------
topic:	110	oily	face	problem	skin	short	time	nose	acne	cleanser	wash
file label:sci.med_train
article	writes	oily	skin	problem	wash	face	oily	hour	nose	region	illness	prevent	occuring	short	time	cleanser	job	cleaning	face	oily	short	time	suggestion	disease	skin	oily	hot	fry	egg	oily	face	yrs	skin	younger	told	people's	skin	oily	tiny	wrinkles	lucky	stars	skin
109--------------
topic:	7	disease	skin	finding	friend	time	problem	shows	enlighten	sort	wrong
file label:sci.med_train
friend	diagnosed	lupus	disease	sort	skin	disease	friend	shows	skin	rashes	fact	blood	test	determine	wrong	sacro	illiac	joint	problem	finding	hard	time	finding	information	disease	enlighten	particulars	disease	feel	free	email	advance
110--------------
topic:	46	hours	flying	problems	stewardesses	appleshare	innerear	longhaul	flyer	appreciated	laserwriter
file label:sci.med_train
develop	innerear	problems	flying	hear	pilots	stewardesses	limit	maximum	number	flying	hours	limits	main	problems	longhaul	hours	trips	frequent	flyer
111--------------
topic:	15	vision	day	distorted	episode	pains	mg	retinal	peripheral	symptoms	normal
file label:sci.med_train
friend	symptoms	occurred	periodically	months	years	episode	begins	extreme	tiredness	traveling	joint	pains	stiffness	affecting	elbows	knees	hips	generalized	muscle	pains	tinnitus	feeling	pressure	ears	severe	sweating	occuring	night	day	hemorrhaging	eyes	opthamologist	calls	peripheral	retinal	hemorhages	similar	diabetic	retinopathy	diabeticthey	checked	distorted	color	vision	distorted	vision	general	telephone	poles	straight	loss	peripheral	vision	tests	run	normal	called	unidentified	bright	objects	mri	brain	alleviate	episodes	prednisone	times	mg	day	mg	symptoms	acute	concerned	retinal	hemorrhages	worse	episode	vision	suffering	docs	idea	condition	stop	suggestions	advice	greatly	appreciated	advance	kathy	turner
112--------------
topic:	12	data	brain	project	visualizations	depicting	humbio	effects	sets	function	neurotransmitters
file label:sci.med_train
humbio	project	call	data	visualizations	humbio	project	cdrombased	curriculum	tool	sixth	seventh	eigthgraders	studying	function	human	brain	effects	neurotransmitters	alcohol	drugs	special	focus	depicting	effects	neurotransmitters	behavior	volotta	interactive	video	producing	project	stanford	university	preproduction	phase	data	sets	visualizations	depicting	brain	function	brain	neuron	molecular	levels	intend	stateoftheart	visualization	tools	render	instructive	visualizations	fourdimensional	data	sets	alreadycompleted	visualizations	effect	interested	sharing	data	purpose	education	supporting	introductions	cdrom	scientific	visualization	technologies	schools	email	include	organization	type	format	data	provide	eager	production	months	excited	hear	sincerely	peter	hughes	humbio	project	humbio	project	affiliated	apple	computer	igc
113--------------
topic:	108	great	real	articulate	leadership	benjamin	netanyahu	larry	qualities	live	cnn
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
great	interview	benjamin	netanyahu	cnn	larry	king	live	guy	talking	truely	charismatic	articulate	intelligent	demonstrates	real	leadership	qualities
114--------------
topic:	76	fact	syria	writes	bank	west	jordan	arguments	united	lies	prove
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
writes	article	yon	bonnie	laird	cairn	robbing	writes	article	ilyess	bdira	writes	jews	god	case	founders	secular	zionism	palestine	inhabitants	palestine	god	gave	land	gd	land	fact	jews	united	nations	bit	purchased	arab	absentee	landlords	present	claims	based	prior	ownership	purchase	aforementioned	absentee	landlords	award	united	nations	partition	palestine	mandate	territory	result	defensive	wars	fought	egyptians	syrians	jordanians	al	speak	west	bank	inhabitants	jews	part	israel	point	jews	fact	agree	idea	west	bank	agree	claim	west	bank	answer	question	thusly	west	bank	called	spoils	war	hussein	ordered	arab	legion	funny	suppose	fact	israel	didnot	attack	jordan	jordan	attacked	explain	attack	syria	syria	didnot	war	israel	day	syria	bombing	israeli	settlements	golan	sending	terrorist	squads	israel	years	provide	specifics	give	hasan	starting	tired	empty	lies	defend	position	ideology	documented	facts	arguments	crap	regularly	post	brendan	mckay	agree	logic	documentation	argue	position	insist	constantly	spouting	baseless	lies	piss	people	prove	add	worthy	discussion	arguments	prove	poor	debater	weak	case	love	ed
115--------------
topic:	50	arab	leaders	typical	leader	gays	writes	article	interested	hides	gedaliah
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	edward	shnekendorf	writes	hamaza	salah	writes	previous	article	gedaliah	friedenberg	interested	inform	binyamin	netanyahu	israeli	likud	party	interviewed	cnn	tonight	king	live	guy	crying	zionist	tv	confessing	committed	adultary	cheating	wife	typical	jew	leader	huh	typical	muslimarab	leader	hides	fact	adultery	choosing	camel	husband	small	male	child	readily	availible	arab	leaders	cheat	allowed	wives	implying	arab	leaders	gays	jewish	gays	nabil
116--------------
topic:	3	killed	israel	security	killing	council	plo	riots	thousands	syria	dead
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
messageid	nntppostinghost	thorinscwruedu	neverending	effort	forget	moron	brad	hernlem	asked	israel	rarely	abides	security	council	resolutions	list	answer	question	incident	security	council	response	hindumoslem	clash	india	killed	gassing	death	kurds	iraqi	air	force	saudi	security	forces	slaughter	pilgrims	mecca	killing	algerian	army	demonstrators	intrafada	arabs	killing	arabs	killed	civilians	slaughtered	government	troops	hama	syria	killing	palestinians	jordanian	troops	thousands	expelled	sept	moslems	killed	egypt	killed	egyption	bread	riots	border	rocket	attacks	israel	plo	munich	israeli	athletes	slaughtered	ma'alot	children	killed	plo	attack	israel	coastal	bus	attack	dead	wounded	syria	kills	palestinians	lebanon	dead	yemen	killed	weeks	sudan	tens	thousands	black	slaves	civil	war	toll	million	killed	million	refugees	tienenman	square	massacre	rumania	killed	pan	disaster	carried	plo	northern	ireland	cambodia	soviet	occupation	afghanistan	american	riots	attica	watts	newark	kent	state	israel	destroys	iraqi	reractor	israel	condemned	israeli	police	protect	israeli	worshipers	condemned	arab	mob	antijewish	rioters	killed	syrian	soldiers	slaughter	christian	soldiers	surrender	appears	brad	hernlem	united	nations	security	council	common	unfettered	demands	acting	principle
117--------------
topic:	73	work	physicians	village	people	writes	article	leonard	bayonets	heaps	effect
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	ken	arromdee	writes	genocide	turks	compulsive	liar	source	men	leonard	ramsden	hartill	bobbsmerrill	company	indianapolis	pages	memoirs	armenian	officer	participated	genocide	million	muslim	people	paragraphs	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	tartars	proceeded	work	extermination	troops	surrounded	village	village	resistance	offered	artillery	knocked	huts	heaps	stone	dust	villages	untenable	inhabitants	fled	fields	bullets	bayonets	completed	work	continued	serdar	argic	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	turks	proceeded	work	extermination	ohanus	appressian	soviet	armenia	today	longer	exists	single	turkish	soul	sahak	melkonian
118--------------
topic:	156	information	francisco	adl	san	filed	arens	political	lawsuit	plaintiffs	gerard
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
yigal	rtw	jewish	group	sued	passing	official	information	adrian	croft	san	francisco	april	reuter	nineteen	people	including	son	israeli	defence	minister	moshe	arens	sued	antidefamation	league	adl	wednesday	accusing	jewish	group	disclosing	confidential	official	information	richard	hirschhaut	director	san	francisco	branch	adl	art	dealer	roy	bullock	policeman	tom	gerard	named	defendants	suit	filed	san	francisco	county	superior	court	accuse	adl	b'nai	b'rith	group	dedicated	fighting	antisemitism	defendants	secretly	gathering	information	including	data	state	federal	agencies	suit	alleges	disclosed	information	including	governments	israel	south	africa	alleges	massive	spying	operation	action	classaction	suit	filed	behalf	antiapartheid	activists	opponents	israeli	policies	plaintiffs	adl	bullock	gerard	gathered	information	representatives	adl	san	francisco	immediately	comment	wednesday	civil	suit	legal	action	arising	allegations	gerard	inspector	san	francisco	police	intelligence	unit	passed	confidential	police	files	california	political	activists	spy	ring	fbi	san	francisco	police	investigating	adl	bullock	gerard	affair	week	searched	adl's	offices	san	francisco	los	angeles	suit	alleges	invasion	privacy	civil	code	california	prohibits	publication	information	obtained	official	sources	seeks	exemplary	damages	person	unspecified	damages	lawyer	pete	mccloskey	congresmen	representing	plaintiffs	plaintiffs	included	arabamericans	jews	wife	helen	information	gathered	plaintiffs	yigal	arens	research	scientist	university	southern	california	son	israeli	defence	minister	arens	told	san	francisco	examiner	file	adl	criticism	treatment	palestinians	position	israelioccupied	territories	court	documents	released	week	bullock	gerard	information	thousands	california	political	activists	documents	police	investigator	believed	adl	paid	bullock	years	provide	information	league	bullock	received	confidential	information	authorities	criminal	charges	filed	case	adl	bullock	gerard	denied	wrongdoing	reuter	ac	kg	cm	apn	adl	lawsuit	copyright	press	rights	reserved	catalina	ortiz	press	writer	san	francisco	ap	arabamericans	critics	israel	sued	antidefamation	league	wednesday	invaded	privacy	illegally	gathering	information	nationwide	spy	network	adl	national	group	dedicated	fighting	antisemitism	intended	data	discredit	political	views	classaction	lawsuit	filed	san	francisco	superior	court	guilty	racism	nazism	antisemitism	hate	crimes	adl	claims	protect	violent	criminal	carol	elshaieb	education	consultant	develops	programs	arab	culture	plaintiffs	include	yigal	arens	son	israel	defense	minister	moshe	arens	younger	arens	research	scientist	university	southern	california	adl	file	criticized	israel's	treatment	palestinians	adl	believes	arab	american	speaks	politically	israel	closet	antisemite	arens	adl	denied	wrongdoing	comment	lawsuit	reviewed	spokesman	adl's	york	headquarters	fbi	local	police	prosecutors	investigating	allegations	adl	spied	thousands	individuals	hundreds	groups	including	white	supremacist	antisemitic	organizations	arabamericans	greenpeace	national	association	advancement	colored	people	san	francisco	public	television	station	kqed	information	allegedly	confidential	police	government	records	court	documents	filed	probe	civil	lawsuit	charges	filed	criminal	investigation	lawsuit	accuses	adl	violating	california's	privacy	law	forbids	intentional	disclosure	personal	information	public	state	federal	records	lawsuit	claims	adl	disclosed	information	persons	entities	compelling	receive	elaborate	defendants	include	richard	hirschhaut	director	adl's	office	san	francisco	immediately	return	phone	call	seeking	comment	defendants	san	francisco	art	dealer	roy	bullock	alleged	adl	informant	decades	police	officer	tom	gerard	gerard	allegedly	tapped	law	enforcement	government	computers	passed	information	bullock	gerard	retired	police	force	moved	philippines	bullock's	lawyer	richard	breakstone	comment	lawsuit	studied	upwe	adl	sued	allegedly	spying	residents	san	francisco	upi	group	california	residents	filed	suit	wednesday	charging	antidefamation	league	b'nai	brith	violating	privacy	spying	israeli	south	african	governments	classaction	suit	filed	san	francisco	superior	court	charges	adl	leadership	conspired	local	police	official	obtain	information	outspoken	opponents	israeli	policies	occupied	territories	south	africa's	apartheid	policy	adl	refused	comment	suit	suit	aim	top	local	adl	officials	retired	san	francicso	police	officer	tom	gerard	claiming	violated	privacy	guarantees	state	constitution	violated	state	confidentiality	laws	suit	gerard	helped	adl	obtain	access	confidential	files	law	enforcement	government	computers	information	files	passed	foreign	governments	suit	charges	concept	organized	collection	information	based	political	viewpoints	government	agencies	source	information	absolutely	repugnant	rep	pete	mccloskey	representing	plaintiffs	adl's	informationgathering	network	revealed	publicly	week	san	francisco	district	attorney's	office	released	documents	indicating	group	spied	people	political	ethnic	groups	years	understanding	adl	activity	sense	opposed	israel	israeli	action	part	responsbility	investigate	arens	research	scientist	university	southern	california	adl	believes	arab	americanor	speaks	politically	israel	closet	antisemite	fbi	district	attorney's	office	investigating	operation	months	plaintiffs	case	include	arens	son	israeli	defense	minister	moshe	arens	press	release	plaintiffs	alleged	spying	damaged	psychologically	economically	accused	adl	interfere	freedom	speech
119--------------
topic:	98	tough	government	arrogant	andor	arabs	leaders	arab	governments	talk	israelis
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
hossien	amehdi	writes	business	reading	minds	case	israelis	top	leaders	present	arrogant	tough	talks	intimidate	arabs	israelis	arabs	achieve	peace	years	fighting	major	reasons	arab	governments	representative	people	leaders	stupid	andor	independent	andor	dictators	israeli	government	arrogant	comprising	relevant	agree	reasonable	thought	point	remarks	forgot	hate	government	level	arab	governments	taugh	talk	arrogance	adults	listen	tough	talk	american	politicians	switch	channel	intimidated	dummy	talking	tough	bomb	ready	blow	seat	dorin
120--------------
topic:	167	opinions	peter	freeman	people	brilliant	succinct	door	minded	eyes	date
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
peter	garfiel	freeman	writes	peter	succinct	post	date	brilliant	marc	people	narrow	minded	crack	door	eyes	opinions	employer	opinions
121--------------
topic:	163	military	israeli	intent	fire	clear	duty	personnel	positive	identification	uniform
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
wrote	article	jonas	flygare	writes	article	writes	article	jonas	flygare	writes	statement	doesnot	existence	israeli	citizens	wb	revoke	life	israeli	occupation	wb	revoke	life	somemost	citizens	basically	revokes	military	men	occupation	undeclared	war	war	attacks	military	targets	fully	legitimate	words	military	wrt	israel	uniform	duty	offduty	soldier	compulsory	regard	israeli	legit	target	definition	uniform	doesnot	difference	person	army	duty	offduty	doesnot	matter	army	man	duty	vacation	week	soldier	meant	military	men	clear	bear	proposing	rules	engagement	israel	palestinean	resistance	feel	revise	preliminary	draft	israeli	military	personnel	fair	game	time	uniform	duty	practice	male	female	israeli	military	age	offduty	military	young	children	acceptable	targets	existence	israel	constitutes	indication	hostile	intent	provocation	required	avoid	inpermissable	violations	rights	noncombatant	palestineans	israeli	forces	engage	palestineans	positive	identification	military	personnel	clear	indication	aggressive	intent	clear	field	fire	positive	identification	assured	checking	palestinean	military	uniform	posession	exclusively	military	armament	mbts	aircraft	selfidentification	verbal	documentary	note	dualuse	militarycivilian	weaponry	hand	grenades	rifles	rpg	launchers	constitute	positive	military	identification	require	closer	inspection	document	checks	aggressive	intent	distinct	hostile	intent	normal	condition	assured	rounds	incoming	fire	separated	intervals	ten	seconds	rounds	note	single	burst	automaticweapon	fire	counds	volley	rocket	fire	source	noted	dualuse	weaponry	assumed	originate	military	personnel	justify	armed	response	clear	field	fire	guaranteed	making	positive	military	identification	personnel	target	area	weapons	note	aggressive	intent	proven	targets	iaf	aircraft	attacked	sam	crew	check	papers	crew	member	long	civilians	instance	posession	uniquely	civilian	weaponry	stones	axes	molotov	coctails	difficult	iaf	elements	land	checks	ground	forces	screen	prospective	strike	areas	agm	fire	acm	purposes	cockpittocockpit	pass	meters	sufficient	purpose	repeated	sessions	speaking	note	network	address	author	tmail	dos	mailnews	shell
122--------------
topic:	195	human	rights	system	question	israeli	zionist	solve	problem	solution	statement
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
guys	long	article	fact	quotings	article	jonas	flygare	writes	intentionally	neglecting	important	fact	israeli	presence	occupied	territories	illegitimate	actions	courts	laws	illegitimate	ground	occupied	territories	neglecting	existance	israeli	citicens	wb	gaza	invalidates	individuals	live	eloquently	put	human	question	law	territories	adressed	question	israelis	human	rights	statement	doesnot	existence	israeli	citizens	wb	revoke	life	israeli	occupation	wb	revoke	life	somemost	citizens	basically	revokes	military	men	occupation	undeclared	war	war	attacks	military	targets	fully	legitimate	rephrase	question	repeatedly	asked	israelis	human	rights	palestinians	waited	lines	read	statement	surely	israeli	human	rights	belong	human	race	disagree	posting	adress	question	inferred	thought	statement	assumed	reason	actions	state	israel	statement	occupation	define	term	repeat	drag	answer	hasan	procedure	neccesary	surely	israeli	human	rights	goverment	protect	withdrawing	occupied	terretories	oppressing	palestinean	human	rights	sentence	sense	rephrase	donot	full	sense	israelis	killed	israel	occupying	israel	withdraw	israeli	blood	saved	isnot	palestineans	undermined	life	israelis	israel	occupied	exposed	life	citizens	unconcluded	war	generally	violence	occupied	terretories	part	intifada	previously	posted	long	article	issue	finished	open	question	suppose	intifada	stops	motive	israel	withdraw	donot	hope	peace	bullshit	world	hopes	peace	isnot	hope	peace	sufficient	motive	state	deprive	citizens	human	rights	actions	human	living	today	rights	states	israelas	oppressiveas	ignorantor	tyrant	human	rights	syrians	iraqis	hama	sound	familiar	kurds	iraq	turkey	sweden	bit	farfetched	russians	baltic	states	moslem	ussr	yugoslavia	serbs	human	rights	remainaing	arabian	countries	problems	arabian	concern	arabian	people	deal	west	doesnot	intervene	serbs	donot	fucked	rapists	excuse	language	hurts	bosnia	arenot	humans	surely	outer	space	human	attrocities	participate	system	propose	solve	problem	question	system	solve	problem	system	solve	laws	minister	sharon	kick	palestineans	palestine	asked	system	preserve	human	rights	people	involved	assumed	obvious	repeat	mistake	straightened	eagerly	awaiting	reply	agree	israeli	solution	wouldnot	preserve	human	rights	understanding	statement	paragraph	agreeing	kick	palestinians	israel	proper	lead	disaster	parties	refer	israeli	solution	joseph	weitz	administrator	responsible	jewish	colonization	writing	diary	clear	room	peoples	country	achieve	goal	independent	people	arabs	small	country	solution	palestine	western	palestine	west	jordan	river	arabs	transfer	arabs	neighbouring	countries	transfer	village	tribe	left	transfer	country	absorb	millions	brethren	davar	september	courtesy	marc	afifi	question	disregard	obvious	references	israel	plo	covenant	hamas	charter	english	translations	information	interested	translate	give	credence	paper	older	question	wrote	obvious	parties	conflict	share	fanatics	guess	people	lasting	peace	region	deleted	guess	problem	israeli	goverment	full	men	joseph	weitz	met	personally	read	diaries	fascinating	living	refers	zionists	jews	donot	give	answer	master	wisdom	suggest	imperialist	israeli	system	solving	problem	fair	answer	asked	system	solve	problem	contradiction	wrote	understood	meant	underlined	system	solve	conflict	system	resolve	justly	unjust	solution	nonsolution	definition	definition	world	politics	politics	solution	doesnot	imply	solution	holds	property	exists	property	hold	statements	false	guess	takes	logic	nevernever	land	proving	understood	meant	claim	didnot	claim	contradiction	logic	bad	master	wisdom	pointing	small	flaw	reasoning	claim	logical	felt	point	started	statements	prove	point	assume	logical	problem	definition	solution	solution	lasting	politicians	solution	donot	solution	solution	greatest	problem	zionism	arab	children	rabbi	shoham	add	cute	quotes	put	real	bummer	giving	posts	credit	feel	ashamed	facts	zionists	zionist	codes	acts	feel	rabbi	shoham	zionism	racism	feel	ashamed	bothered	zionist	codes	drop	zionism	zionist	bothered	join	racist	zionist	codes	acts	quote	misused	stereotype	individuals	statement	individual	methods	credit	zionists	place	advice	assume	loyalties	condemning	acts	find	vile	inhuman	long	assume	acts	people	zionist	state	israel	government	israel	leaders	israel	political	andor	religious	jews	general	feel	condemn	condemn	responsible	feel	started	condemning	personally	based	bombings	egypt	jonas	flygare	hasan
123--------------
topic:	90	brad	killing	understanding	appears	jesse	killed	bad	men	children	die
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
understanding	brad	appears	killing	jesse
124--------------
topic:	164	people	happened	lot	marina	mamma	start	shouting	night	talking	azerbaijani
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
accounts	antiarmenian	human	rights	violations	azerbaijan	prelude	current	events	nagornokarabakh	grab	papa	carry	room	mamma	put	mamma	bed	start	undressing	beating	legs	start	tearing	clothes	front	mamma	remember	time	passed	feeling	beat	head	body	tore	clothes	time	atrocities	started	savagely	raped	room	argued	deposition	karine	karina	grigorevna	born	secretarytypist	azsantekmontazh	trust	sumgait	construction	installation	administration	secretary	smu	komsomol	organization	resident	building	apartment	microdistrict	sumgait	sister	marina	movies	o'clock	show	theater	city	party	committee	yards	sk	theater	showing	argentinian	film	abyss	film	noticed	people	standing	podium	city	party	committee	silent	conversation	whatsoever	figure	knew	karabagh	talking	gave	speech	bought	tickets	people	theater	small	number	large	movie	theater	film	started	minutes	stopped	film	crowd	burst	people	stage	young	people	years	demanded	armenian	woman	stage	foul	language	show	azerbaijanis	capable	armenian	girls	thought	meant	demanded	girl	specifically	marina	sitting	told	move	russian	girls	sitting	nearby	recognized	happened	marina	quiet	girls	jumped	run	door	closedit's	opened	showand	returned	seats	theater	russians	azerbaijanis	people	nationalities	reacted	auditorium	sound	silent	gradually	started	leave	guy	fat	scared	leave	leave	slowly	pompously	people	smoked	bunch	anasha	looked	beastly	ready	tear	happened	film	started	cheerful	films	brought	pleasure	happy	alive	barely	sit	started	dark	marina	walking	home	lenin	street	center	town	lenin	street	packed	packed	young	people	shouting	karabagh	armenians	listening	feeling	home	happened	public	transportation	running	incidentally	theater	police	policemen	standing	director	movie	theater	doors	leaving	broken	glass	doors	basically	glass	broken	stood	grief	stricken	big	happened	naughty	boys	broken	accident	slingshot	looked	calm	decided	super	happened	slowly	wanted	catch	bus	live	literally	stop	foot	dark	happen	flagged	cab	driver	told	live	bus	station	bus	station	yard	cab	managed	incredible	happening	bus	station	traffic	jam	public	transportation	standstill	shouting	karabagh	give	karabagh	home	family	panic	house	mamma	kill	managed	cheer	bad	happen	living	kind	social	order	manage	calm	mamma	bed	sleep	happened	saturday	short	day	call	relatives	life	day	realized	approaching	guess	supposed	lived	home	mamma	papa	sisters	lyuda	marina	sister	lyuda	yerevan	time	sat	home	learned	demonstration	started	morning	started	smashing	stores	sitting	home	girlfriend	lyuda	zimogliad	o'clock	worked	apprenticeships	russian	girl	awful	happening	town	asked	armenians	state	demonstration	awful	watch	feels	war	broken	public	transportation	stopped	cabs	buses	nightmare	papa	decides	drugstore	mother	allergy	problems	time	left	house	neighbor	aunt	vera	asked	stop	terrible	courtyard	afraid	papa	talking	simply	pushed	entryway	home	told	mamma	mamma	aunt	vera	talking	means	russian	lives	friend	o'clock	lyuda	time	late	mamma	late	situation	town	decided	stay	home	dinner	ready	mamma	eat	sat	table	hungry	mood	put	table	calm	eating	turned	television	show	fairytale	land	coming	cleared	table	hear	noise	courtyard	balcony	noise	coming	direction	bus	station	building	mob	people	figure	happening	shouting	neighbor	azerbaijani	friends	family	years	place	people	shouting	buildings	bus	station	soldiers	set	people	clubs	mob	runs	directions	people	building	laughing	decide	means	bad	laughing	means	killing	crowd	suddenly	dashes	soldiers	soldiers	manage	start	stomping	feet	everyone's	kicking	ill	home	explain	general	terms	horrible	speak	killed	soldier	crowd	kicked	club	started	beat	left	terrified	home	lyuda	stay	place	kill	crowd	runs	closer	building	stands	building	starts	shouting	balcony	neighbors	standing	staring	mob	shouting	minutes	running	building	turns	building	azerbaijani	neighbors	coming	entryway	stop	run	building	mamma	immediately	starts	closing	windows	afraid	throw	stones	stones	break	windows	people	large	courtyard	packed	people	spill	floor	crush	crawl	trees	posts	garages	huge	cloud	people	break	burn	motorcycle	armenian	sergey	sargisian	building	close	windows	immediately	hear	tramping	entryway	floor	tremendous	din	roar	incomprehensible	mamma	told	shouting	father's	grisha	open	door	kill	remember	spaced	kind	mamma	bedroom	quickly	bedroom	tall	beds	part	dowry	mamma	hide	leave	live	imagine	parents	stand	hall	talking	sort	beasts	stand	talk	find	common	language	speak	azerbaijani	find	told	marina	lyuda	hide	bed	sister	lyuda	remember	told	open	door	blew	broke	fell	hall	crows	bursts	starts	shout	leave	vacate	apartment	armenia	happened	speak	calmly	calmly	happened	azerbaijani	apartment	leave	downstairs	gather	leave	apartment	realize	senseless	discuss	sort	rights	animals	stopped	standing	doorway	young	guys	people	girl	bad	steps	pacified	exchange	courtyard	shouts	commanding	understand	kill	grab	papa	carry	room	mamma	put	mamma	bed	start	undressing	beating	legs	start	tearing	clothes	front	mamma	remember	time	passed	feeling	beat	head	body	tore	clothes	time	atrocities	started	savagely	raped	room	argued	remember	dead	alive	tall	cleanshaven	eskimo	dogskin	coat	balding	happening	instant	stops	commander	depends	beating	mamma	head	break	chairs	beat	chair	legs	loses	consciousness	decide	dead	papa	cold	throw	lyuda	balcony	window	open	apparently	window	frames	stuck	rain	windows	opened	leave	window	thinking	thrown	window	passed	real	strong	person	sees	twitching	start	humbling	pleading	start	shouting	cursing	entreaty	dead	humble	tongue	long	thinks	appealing	short	commands	longer	remembered	happening	marina	lyuda	alive	dragging	arms	legs	hitting	wall	railings	metal	carrying	biting	pinching	god	death	sooner	carry	throw	entryway	start	kicking	lose	consciousness	happened	people	remember	remember	long	neighbor	bringing	clothing	covered	blood	puts	dress	remember	words	mamma	happened	mamma	house	sense	guy	standing	sort	served	afghanistan	igor	brought	indoors	entryway	killed	person	igor	gathered	courage	arms	brought	neighbors	smallminded	put	risk	igor	agayev	azerbaijani	served	afghanistan	brothers	older	brother	served	stationed	border	armenia	igor	brought	neighbors	helped	senses	karina	calm	clean	covered	blood	papa	papa	mamma	marina	igor	dragged	marina	lyuda	bed	marina	lyuda	russian	touching	russians	dragging	marina	decides	azerbaijani	igor	immediately	grabs	marina's	lyuda's	hands	marina	armenian	sister	takes	floor	neighbor's	starts	pounding	door	open	opens	door	igor	pushes	survived	sister	lyuda	lost	consciousness	bandits	started	stealing	downstairs	downstairs	coming	lyuda	seized	opportunity	crawled	bed	stayed	torn	night	shirt	put	sort	robe	neighbor's	fourth	floor	apartment	watched	crowd	friend	knocked	door	neighbor	opened	apartment	afraid	give	stockings	leave	building	lyuda	stay	place	stairs	moment	moment	life	neighbor	consent	lyuda	place	lay	bed	mother	remember	supervisor's	telephone	number	remembered	called	idea	thought	simply	afraid	killing	passed	life	death	police	precinct	looked	trouble	walking	lungs	hurt	badly	hard	breathe	supervisor's	urshan	feyruzovich	mamedov	head	administration	leaving	great	number	buses	full	soldiers	entrance	town	buses	ordinary	passenger	buses	soldiers	left	eleven	eleven	people	stop	happening	save	great	lives	crowd	moving	school	sumgait	yerevan	murdered	stopping	people	died	microdistrict	buildings	building	person	died	woman	died	building	building	front	young	azerbaijani	men	stopped	mob	building	incidentally	neighbors	marina	called	relatives	warn	happening	called	aunt	microdistrict	neighbors	armenians	run	quickly	explain	hide	stay	alive	hide	azerbaijanis	give	moment	people	policemen	azerbaijanis	awful	condition	face	completely	distorted	lips	puffed	blood	eye	swollen	thought	eye	forehead	badly	cut	onehalf	face	pushed	thought	survive	normal	appearance	grasp	started	scream	people	killed	people	people	soldiers	scream	muslims	sumgait	police	called	daghestan	point	daghestan	police	police	precinct	awful	lot	police	soldiers	police	dogs	ambulances	firemen	waiting	people	bring	goners	injured	treat	police	precinct	doctors	baku	examined	lyuda	women	maternity	home	rest	lost	contact	parents	boss	boss	worry	find	matter	matter	hospital	examined	department	head	sumgait	maternity	home	pashayeva	examined	ambulance	baku	figured	sumgait	ambulances	respond	calls	people	called	police	ambulances	showed	sign	life	doctor	looked	behavior	good	happened	glad	thought	god	bad	wrong	suffering	people	people	worse	great	deal	felt	bad	thought	die	hear	stuff	people	condition	told	people	energy	people	possibly	smart	stayed	brought	woman	ira	married	raped	apartment	ira	lyuda	morning	lyuda	ira	maternity	home	combined	block	examine	shots	tranquilizer	shots	calmed	lay	ward	worked	pur	pose	wards	packed	evening	woman	asked	wrong	face	disfigured	asked	happened	brother	happened	point	brother	explain	happened	fell	faint	doctors	threw	doctor	categorically	forbade	ward	people	work	boss	daughter	brought	clothing	literally	naked	dress	woman	gave	short	dress	knees	woman	orderly	put	short	dress	showing	legs	ward	thinking	people	work	brought	sack	apples	pounds	weak	embarrassing	apples	appetite	bring	woman	sack	heard	head	doctor	nurse	medical	history	hidden	torn	completely	armenian	figure	thinking	kind	attack	happen	worse	street	case	sleep	wink	night	morning	picked	police	detail	put	bus	club	troops	illfated	evening	bus	city	party	committee	great	troops	tanks	armored	personnel	carriers	scene	terrible	people	knew	calmed	thought	left	left	sumgait	night	happened	parents	hospital	boss	told	fine	calm	happened	club	lot	people	knew	knew	kissing	happened	days	work	time	day	showed	interest	constantly	bringing	money	thankful	boss	colleagues	lose	presence	mind	change	opinions	heat	moment	matter	happened	constantly	interest	sincere	interest	heart	days	secretary	party	committee	party	organization	trust	part	comrade	kerimov	important	figure	town	arrangements	emergency	medical	personnel	sat	lie	wrong	lungs	hard	breathe	examined	times	lay	doctors	thought	blows	diagnose	maternity	home	asked	point	insisting	trauma	section	felt	awful	broken	ribs	xrays	fine	emergency	medical	workers	duty	club	mother	marina's	friends	head	doctor	sumgait	children's	clinic	kind	antifever	agent	world	needed	moment	thought	great	difficulty	breathing	air	wrong	put	tight	bandages	chest	waist	overheard	people	cut	bandaged	decided	breasts	face	cut	cut	khimik	boarding	house	lived	long	time	appeared	representatives	agitating	people	talk	drove	armenian	women	shouted	demand	seidov	response	seidov	seidov	chairman	azerbaijani	council	ministers	woman	seidov's	daughter	daughters	deal	agitators	seidov	day	day	agitators	coming	coming	drove	wits	people	gradually	started	departing	yerevan	realized	senseless	stay	nerves	smell	small	children	children	sk	club	children	literally	maternity	home	club	running	water	time	pay	eat	overcharged	turned	day	told	bring	food	free	children	ill	stank	imagine	people	small	movie	theater	seating	sit	lie	impossible	move	stench	awful	smallest	infants	ill	overnight	heard	arriving	ill	yerevan	infants	washed	bathed	mention	adults	ill	needed	care	people	fainting	left	crying	young	people	men	managed	women	constant	state	panic	minute	kill	stab	clear	gathered	purposely	war	burn	movie	theater	single	armenian	left	people	attic	heard	lying	lay	stage	room	apparently	caught	people	oil	gas	wanted	burn	theater	condition	open	eyes	suspicious	azerbaijani	azerbaijani	led	men	started	letting	checking	passports	relatives	covering	people	documents	people	run	homes	pair	pants	slippers	wearing	shirt	ids	sunday	police	monday	resumed	left	block	spare	soul	children	pregnant	women	killed	burned	hacked	axes	murdered	melkumian	family	knew	mother	worked	daughter	inlaw	school	older	sister	brutally	murdered	daughtersinlaw	survived	miracle	save	ran	neighbors	ran	building	refuge	pregnant	small	children	continued	monday	block	troops	city	murdered	people	overturned	automobiles	burned	entire	families	people	armenians	heard	lezgins	suffered	lezgins	injured	burned	cars	difficult	died	difficult	identify	corpses	remained	corpses	doused	gasoline	burned	hard	imagine	heard	people	disappeared	trace	btz	plant	people	including	woman	worked	night	shift	aunt	razmella	lived	microdistrict	stopping	buses	baku	sumgait	evening	people	visiting	baku	returning	sumgait	people	baku	home	sumgait	students	simply	savagely	murdered	stopping	buses	drivers	immediately	told	deal	hoard	brutally	minded	people	stopped	buses	dragged	armenians	killed	spot	heard	put	pile	burn	hard	discern	corpses	call	corpses	figure	ashes	heard	fellows	saved	women	student	ira	mistaken	hospital	long	time	figure	saved	brutally	raped	beaten	thrown	pile	corpses	fellow	pulled	pile	corpses	put	coat	arms	carried	city	imagine	managed	heard	engels	grigorian	apparently	lot	people	hospital	hospital	singing	song	armenian	wrote	words	piece	paper	lot	people	song	sang	hospital	lay	bad	shape	find	guy	saved	left	someone's	apartment	called	ambulance	awful	shape	remember	anyone's	face	knew	people	broke	house	talked	received	blows	knocked	head	remember	day	secretary	directorate's	party	organization	marina	works	school	works	night	school	azi	works	day	khimzashchita	construction	installation	administration	secretary	komsomol	organization	administration	met	secretaries	party	komsomol	organizations	joint	meetings	talked	armenia	azerbaijani	armenia	obvious	people	azerbaijanis	born	armenia	police	stations	police	precinct	procuracy	ussr	procuracy	involved	case	iden	tified	photographs	people	recognize	showed	people	apartment	working	case	recognize	proved	processing	held	arm	held	leg	dragging	apartment	touch	stole	blanket	earring	people	heard	kafan	secretary	party	organization	named	najaf	najaf	rzayev	started	recognize	crowd	knew	told	listen	turned	bedroom	marina	marina	noisy	confusion	people	flew	head	gradually	city	party	committee	military	people	told	wrote	told	march	secretary	trust	party	organization	part	najaf	rzayev	mamma	fact	gave	means	alibi	confirmed	crazy	responsible	words	awful	hid	armenian	family	time	home	family	baku	marina	totally	procurator	case	handled	procurator	voronezh	fedorov	fedorov	told	rzayev's	case	names	involved	rzayev	prove	alibi	hit	head	insult	apartment	pay	time	afraid	percent	mat	ter	wrong	faces	mixed	mind	crowd	eyes	closed	time	eyes	people	hassling	reason	eyes	responsible	beating	face	thought	put	eyes	eyes	closed	started	beat	young	guy	held	arms	works	btz	plant	nearby	road	block	road	btz	dormitory	lives	custody	proved	killed	shurik	gambarian	clarinet	player	entryway	building	person	building	killed	man	guy	shared	room	guy	holding	holding	arms	beating	looked	dormitory	people	started	making	announcements	town	investigators	summoned	guy	told	caught	everything's	proved	evidently	beating	working	night	shift	plant	young	guy	plant	kill	armenians	bus	station	saturday	ten	wanted	btz	plant	night	shift	late	friday	night	night	sauna	understand	silent	hearts	thinking	thought	important	heard	lot	happened	kafan	killed	azerbaijani	sisters	mothers	burned	villages	guy	born	kafan	marina	secretary	party	organization	armenia	participated	investigation	couple	times	satisfied	summoned	asked	happened	word	recorded	met	guy	armenian	apartment	grigorian	eduard	grigorian	sumgait	microdistrict	sentenced	years	time	mother	russian	met	kgb	baku	azerbaijani	kgb	showed	photographs	photographs	photographed	people	caught	curfew	confused	face	guy	white	coat	red	clasps	coat	burn	needle	haystack	guy	grigorian	apartment	lightcomplected	lezgin	remember	beat	raped	apartment	kgb	started	pleading	stuff	eyes	sister	thought	god	heaven	forbid	brother	satisfied	responses	great	certainty	mamma	lyuda	sick	immediately	wanted	kill	crawled	table	recognized	lyuda	lying	balcony	mob	threw	ran	bedroom	kinds	boxes	dishes	dowries	sisters	stole	apartment	leaving	small	moment	lyuda	started	remembering	faces	hearing	voices	people	burn	apartment	burn	apartment	kids	place	live	guy	temporary	housing	live	sumgait	apartment	neighbors	azerbaijani	burn	apartment	burn	azerbaijanis	azerbaijanis	picked	place	thinking	armenians	lived	list	residents	part	building	azerbaijanis	lived	side	wall	set	fire	apartment	bad	shape	halt	asked	happening	civil	war	civil	civil	beating	opened	eyes	neighbors	standing	balconies	watching	free	horror	film	civil	war	armenians	fought	world	war	fighting	fought	met	women	building	azerbaijanis	crying	karina	happen	call	normal	girl	stand	watch	happened	avert	azerbaijani	woman	front	building	woman	lives	awful	dissipated	woman	call	woman	dissipated	life	leads	armenian	families	live	part	building	balcony	happening	started	scream	curse	entryway	entryway	dead	body	head	entryway	folks	people	control	true	knew	lift	hand	woman	cared	fact	azerbaijani	stopped	beasts	smoked	place	chewing	noticed	apartment	chewing	god	losing	mind	chewing	kind	drug	glance	normal	people	young	cleanshaven	sort	celebration	shouting	talk	shouted	deaf	people	screamed	screamed	yeah	killing	killing	killing	armenians	shout	kill	shouted	gurun	ermianlary	gurun	literally	means	kill	destroy	continue	hid	captain's	apartment	azerbaijani	wife	tatar	sitting	apartment	kids	yard	kids	knew	lot	part	building	floor	mamma	find	lyuda	papa's	hand	looters	stealing	pay	attention	stealing	apparently	ceased	killing	switched	stealing	mamma	courage	boy	mother	gold	mamma	years	looked	russian	fairskinned	azerbaijanis	armenia	fairskinned	noticed	fair	side	shouted	smashing	asks	mamma	gold	gold	wardrobe	important	papers	black	bag	mamma	wear	gold	wore	time	bought	lying	cheval	glass	mamma	thinks	gold	saved	threw	gold	mamma	grabbed	papa	breathe	closed	mouth	bound	hands	put	pillow	chair	face	shoved	mouth	suffocate	mamma	grabbed	tore	stuff	mouth	trouble	breathing	nose	filled	blood	mamma	grabbed	started	running	floor	wanted	open	doors	mamma	accident	completely	accident	person	opened	door	sleeping	halfawake	happened	sees	bloody	mamma	find	happening	daughters	burned	murdered	bring	corpses	moment	lyuda	bed	left	calling	quietly	called	bed	wanted	calling	softly	thought	shouting	fact	silent	talking	shouting	bed	thought	lost	mind	leave	hell	eventually	settled	stopped	mall	brought	lyuda	igor	carried	brought	lyuda	remember	order	happened	mamma	listen	running	shouting	running	building	calmed	dead	alive	call	girlfriend	basically	mamma	listen	upstairs	mattress	long	burn	women	feeling	homes	mamma	mamma	hell	alive	forget	rest	leave	spend	night	else's	mamma	upstairs	boy	son	alik	standing	lookout	lie	standing	coming	managed	run	grab	time	shouts	coming	time	lot	mattresses	apartment	blanket	mamma	knitting	managed	grab	wore	hall	father's	coveralls	neighbor	wife	mamma	papa	marina	condition	leave	lyuda	sat	ran	closed	door	hear	mob	place	upstairs	dragging	building	school	unfinished	building	people	basement	unfinished	building	gradually	carry	calmed	call	boss	noise	floor	onebedroom	apartment	woman	lives	onebedroom	place	floor	asya	dallakian	woman	retired	home	time	country	married	daughter	grandson	army	rarely	town	retirement	money	apartment	essentially	vacant	started	pounding	door	broke	beds	woman	live	pots	couple	metal	bed	frames	mattresses	television	grandson	bought	television	started	wrecking	started	sick	god	turned	lights	sat	turns	people	afraid	knew	knew	turn	lights	knew	captain	closed	door	sat	apartment	kasumov	exserviceman	retired	works	fire	station	plant	stood	door	comrade	captain	worry	harm	upstairs	apartment	women	standing	yard	basement	full	water	women	standing	yard	guys	left	stole	floor	ran	upstairs	women	threw	time	basement	save	property	left	dirty	pillows	rug	guy	downstairs	mad	rug	put	guy	school	ran	direction	forgot	important	point	igor	picked	arms	women	standing	long	time	wife	military	man	kill	spirit	dead	told	murdered	uncle	shurik	entryway	ringleader	apparently	young	man	girl	furious	woman	tells	carried	comb	house	find	family	woman	basement	basement	full	water	mob	dashes	basement	corpse	flashlights	waists	water	water	standing	years	soot	fuel	oil	climbed	water	walked	walked	passed	died	met	death	basement	leave	problem	told	felt	worse	times	worse	lot	worse	pound	flat	awful	awaiting	live	sumgait	longer	apartment	moved	started	quiver	shake	started	remembering	neighbors	sobbed	cheap	people	sat	apartments	time	helped	obligated	helped	woman	stop	brutal	crowd	means	foe	man	women	apartments	building	person	lying	ground	people	standing	balconies	hear	anyone's	voice	leave	mamma	told	neighbor	women	azerbaijani	woman	place	dropped	bomb	killed	armenian	stood	true	neighbor	fourth	entryway	sick	woman	stop	pogrom	azerbaijanis	custom	woman	takes	scarf	throws	ground	men	supposed	stop	immediately	woman	fourth	entryway	stomped	scarf	ground	pushed	side	living	disappear	apartment	left	trick	work	neighbors	helped	move	told	fine	calm	forget	happened	forget	told	happened	daughterand	effect	forget	imagine	happened	sister	april	yerevan	reference	sumgait	tragedy	pogroms	armenians	soviet	azerbaijan	volume	eyewitness	edited	samuel	shahmuradian	yelena	bonner	published	aristide	caratzas	ny	pages	david	davidian	explain	turkish	troops	sdpa	center	regional	studies	armenian	border	po	box	explain	cambridge	ma	turkish	mp	march
125--------------
topic:	158	mouse	heard	argic	ahmed	cosar	discussion	hasan	address	zumabot	nysernetorg
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
joel	furr	writes	dunno	warren	day	heard	rumor	serdar	argic	hasan	mutlu	ahmed	cosar	zumabot	turk	fact	armenian	attempting	discussion	armenia	turks	noiseladen	discussion	cloaking	historical	record	tremendous	cloud	confusion	hasan	multu's	middle	heard	bibo	recall	argic	azari	bites	wax	macedonian	mail	address	finding	snail	address	quashing	shergold	rumors	redirect	ahmed	cosar	year	greek	boy	incurable	case	crossposting	usenet	book	world	records	highest	noise	signal	ratio	nysernetorg
126--------------
topic:	103	turks	genocide	officer	armenian	people	passes	ways	proceeded	extermination	closed
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	ken	arromdee	writes	genocide	turks	pathological	liar	source	adventures	east	rawlinson	jonathan	cape	bedford	square	london	published	pages	memoirs	british	officer	witnessed	armenian	genocide	million	muslim	people	paragraph	armenian	troops	pillaged	destroyed	moslem	villages	plain	caravans	refugees	constantly	arriving	plain	moslem	population	fleeing	personal	property	transport	seeking	obtain	security	protection	continued	serdar	argic	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	turks	proceeded	work	extermination	ohanus	appressian	soviet	armenia	today	longer	exists	single	turkish	soul	sahak	melkonian
127--------------
topic:	177	arab	policy	lebanon	arabs	killed	civilians	writes	article	civilian	amehdi
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
hossien	amehdi	writes	article	edward	shnekendorf	writes	hossien	amehdi	writes	israelis	general	dynamics	fly	high	sky	bomb	hell	village	lebanon	civilians	including	eldery	killed	plain	murder	arabs	position	guerilla	bases	refugee	camps	artillery	atop	apartment	buildings	munitions	dumps	hospitals	killed	kinda	saddam	hussein	putting	civilians	military	bunker	arabs	replying	article	assuming	arab	arab	brain	full	shit	civilian	civilian	areas	lebanon	israel	consistent	policy	intimidation	practiced	called	democracy	middle	east	hell	israeli	policy	fiat	minds	israeli	generals	policy	intimidation	published	information	actions	arabs	specifically	plo	uncommon	lebanon	campaign	brain	full	shit	minds	israeli	policy	merley	pointing	side	suffering	arab	lebanese	bet	defende	homeland	invader	means	yeah	yeah	yeah	suffer	bad	civilians	killed	blame	arab	leaders	put	positions	danger	blame	israelis	palestinians	send	children	warzones	throw	rocks	armed	israeli	soldiers	irresponsible	parents	golda	meir	peace	arabs	start	loving	children	hate	jews	ed
128--------------
topic:	44	land	peace	morocco	father's	west	writes	kuwait	automatically	support	note
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
nntppostinghost	saludacolumbiascncrcom	article	jonathan	cook	writes	writes	ridiculous	breaking	article	lines	increments	making	hard	respond	logical	briefly	answer	silly	comments	describes	rejoinders	perfectly	put	words	mouth	invasion	kuwait	illegal	condemned	support	saddam	arabs	confrontation	west	started	occupied	kuwait	confrontation	west	scared	listen	fool	haifa	fathers	land	support	peace	means	give	part	palestine	peace	realized	haifa	belongs	parents	land	peace	leave	note	theoretically	morocco	father's	land	preempt	king	hassan	automatically	leaves	peace	morocco	father's	land	live	absolutely	nabil
129--------------
topic:	195	human	rights	system	question	israeli	zionist	solve	problem	solution	statement
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
messageid	references	nntppostinghost	frejteknikumuuse	inreplyto	message	mon	apr	gmt	article	writes	stuff	deleted	wrote	calling	names	giving	title	read	paragraph	accept	title	order	um	debate	hasan	replies	didnot	master	wisdom	clling	deserveless	referring	fact	term	calling	hasan	writes	expect	master	wsidom	replied	insist	giving	namestitles	spell	correctly	sigh	hasan	gloats	confuse	ha	ha	ha	hey	hellbent	retarding	childhood	intentionally	neglecting	important	fact	israeli	presence	occupied	territories	illegitimate	actions	courts	laws	illegitimate	ground	occupied	territories	neglecting	existance	israeli	citicens	wb	gaza	invalidates	individuals	retaliate	confuse	spell	correctly	apologize	confuse	repeat	live	eloquently	put	human	question	law	territories	adressed	question	israelis	human	rights	statement	doesnot	existence	israeli	citizens	wb	revoke	life	israeli	occupation	wb	revoke	life	somemost	citizens	basically	revokes	military	men	occupation	undeclared	war	war	attacks	military	targets	fully	legitimate	rephrase	question	repeatedly	asked	israelis	human	rights	palestinians	posting	adress	question	inferred	thought	statement	assumed	reason	actions	state	israel	statement	occupation	define	term	repeat	drag	answer	hasan	procedure	neccesary	surely	israeli	human	rights	goverment	protect	withdrawing	occupied	terretories	oppressing	palestinean	human	rights	sentence	sense	rephrase	state	deprive	citizens	human	rights	actions	human	living	today	rights	states	israel	oppressive	ignorant	tyrant	human	rights	syrians	iraqis	hama	sound	familiar	kurds	iraq	turkey	sweden	bit	farfetched	russians	baltic	states	moslem	ussr	yugoslavia	serbs	human	rights	remainaing	system	propose	solve	problem	question	system	solve	problem	system	solve	laws	minister	sharon	kick	palestineans	palestine	asked	system	preserve	human	rights	people	involved	assumed	obvious	repeat	mistake	straightened	eagerly	awaiting	reply	agree	israeli	solution	wouldnot	preserve	human	rights	understanding	statement	paragraph	agreeing	kick	palestinians	israel	proper	lead	disaster	parties	refer	israeli	solution	joseph	weitz	administrator	responsible	jewish	colonization	writing	diary	clear	room	peoples	country	achieve	goal	independent	people	arabs	small	country	solution	palestine	western	palestine	west	jordan	river	arabs	transfer	arabs	neighbouring	countries	transfer	village	tribe	left	transfer	country	absorb	millions	brethren	davar	september	courtesy	marc	afifi	question	disregard	obvious	references	israel	plo	covenant	hamas	charter	english	translations	information	interested	translate	give	credence	paper	older	question	wrote	obvious	parties	conflict	share	fanatics	guess	people	lasting	peace	region	deleted	guess	problem	israeli	full	men	joseph	weitz	met	personally	read	diaries	fascinating	living	refers	zionists	jews	donot	give	answer	master	wisdom	suggest	imperialist	israeli	system	solving	problem	fair	answer	asked	system	solve	problem	contradiction	wrote	understood	meant	underlined	system	solve	conflict	system	resolve	justly	unjust	solution	nonsolution	definition	holds	property	exists	property	hold	statements	false	guess	takes	logic	nevernever	land	proving	understood	meant	claim	didnot	claim	contradiction	logic	bad	master	wisdom	pointing	small	flaw	reasoning	claim	logical	felt	point	started	statements	prove	point	assume	logical	greatest	problem	zionism	arab	children	rabbi	shoham	add	cute	quotes	put	real	bummer	giving	posts	credit	feel	ashamed	facts	zionists	zionist	codes	acts	feel	rabbi	shoham	zionism	racism	feel	ashamed	bothered	zionist	codes	drop	zionism	zionist	bothered	join	racist	zionist	codes	acts	quote	misused	stereotype	individuals	statement	individual	methods	credit	zionists	place	advice	assume	loyalties	condemning	acts	find	vile	inhuman	long	assume	acts	people	zionist	state	israel	government	israel	leaders	israel	political	andor	religious	jews	general	feel	condemn	condemn	responsible	feel	started	condemning	personally	based	bombings	egypt	jonas	flygare	uppsala
130--------------
topic:	124	magazine	nazi	fact	collaboration	germany	considered	aryan	world	armeniannazi	mitteilungsblatt
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	tim	clock	writes	letter	chronicle	date	time	figment	imagination	source	mitteilungsblatt	berlin	december	nr	historical	fact	fact	years	deliberately	forgotten	concealed	wiped	memory	fact	armeniannazi	collaboration	magazine	called	mitteilungsblatt	der	deutscharmenischen	gesselschaft	clearest	definite	proof	collaboration	magazine	published	berlin	nazi	rule	germany	continued	publication	magazine	implies	declaration	armeniannazi	cooperation	attentiongetting	magazine	issue	proves	collaboration	historically	important	documentary	evidence	heap	writing	admonition	world	opinion	mankind	nazi	germany	armenians	considered	aryan	race	political	economic	social	rights	granted	occupied	positions	public	service	partners	nazi	practices	world	awaited	considered	aryan	befell	serdar	argic	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	turks	proceeded	work	extermination	ohanus	appressian	soviet	armenia	today	longer	exists	single	turkish	soul	sahak	melkonian
131--------------
topic:	93	world	war	history	statement	modern	unprecedented	community	international	people	time
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
encouraging	number	people	interest	postingi	recieved	couple	letters	toosome	debated	statement	events	bosnia	unprecedented	history	modern	worldthose	contest	statement	present	figures	world	war	iihowever	mind	world	war	country	power	stop	ittoday	matter	power	willit	lack	point	difference	holocastsp	time	international	community	didnot	muscle	prevent	unfortunate	event	today	inspite	mightthe	international	community	standing	neutral	arms	embargo	obvious	disadvantage	weeker	side	advantage	bullyhence	indirecltly	possibly	unintentionally	mankind	sided	killersand	thisi	unprecedented	history	modern	world	mrizvi
132--------------
topic:	53	announcing	waldrop	bob	states	public	posting	compliance	civil	rights	october
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
believes	referenced	posting	inappropriately	news	group	send	bob	waldrop	message	informing	article	bob	waldrop	writes	announcing	announcing	announcing	announcing	public	hearings	compliance	united	states	government	governments	states	international	covenant	civil	political	rights	signed	october	doug	foxvog
133--------------
topic:	99	israeli	lebanese	occupation	death	collaborator	israel	face	remember	charming	resistance
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	brad	hernlem	writes	resistance	forces	detonated	bomb	israeli	occupation	lebanese	territory	days	soldiers	killed	wounded	retaliation	israeli	israelibacked	forces	wounded	civilians	bombarding	lebanese	villages	ironically	israeli	justifies	occupation	lebanon	claiming	prevent	bombardments	israeli	villages	brave	men	lebanese	resistance	son	place	grave	underlining	moral	israel's	occupation	drawing	attention	israeli	policy	reckless	disregard	civilian	life	hernlem	ahhh	israeli	morality	pales	face	charming	events	string	plorun	skyjackings	mid	remember	twa	jokes	forget	achille	lauro	airline	bombings	committed	mention	bombings	streets	israel	point	children	told	bags	containers	origins	bombs	weeks	katyusha	rocket	attack	northern	israel	fatah	wonderful	mainstream	moderates	israel	attempting	negotiate	forget	fact	palestinians	killed	palestinians	israelis	ahh	charming	humanitarian	death	squads	videotape	interrogation	dsee	documentary	neutral	balancedseriouslyit	inquisitionesque	essentially	prove	loyalty	group	interogating	turn	face	death	funfilled	ways	death	squads	love	muchbeatings	dismemberment	acid	pouring	melted	plastic	face	guilty	party	beheading	favorite	catch	photos	washington	post	execution	collaborator	photos	palestinian	leading	gunpoint	collaborator	knees	gun	pointed	temple	executioner	standing	corpse	collaborator	shouting	collaborators	wonderful	justice	system	lots	regard	human	rights	remember	black	september	jordan	big	deal	rambling	amir
134--------------
topic:	65	killed	resistance	people	dorin	soldiers	lebanese	forget	murder	opinions	worked
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
dorin	baru	writes	extemist	sided	jewishisraeli	postings	disagree	openly	plain	murder	lebanese	resistance	talking	bunch	lebanese	farmers	detonate	bombs	work	organized	entity	onlylebanese	trained	mercenaries	curious	guess	killings	hundreds	marines	beirut	kind	resistance	movement	killed	jewish	attlets	munich	posted	garbage	consistent	dorin	dorin	forget	soldiers	killed	murdered	distinction	trivial	murder	innocent	people	people	line	work	kill	killed	happened	soldiers	line	duty	killed	opposition	resistance	terrorism	athletes	munich	victims	terrorists	call	freedom	fighters	deaths	compared	soldiers	killed	resistance	fighters	forget	french	resistance	nazi	occupying	forces	eventually	succeeded	driving	hostile	occupiers	wwii	diplomacy	worked	israel	lebanese	people	tired	occupied	turning	option	viable	forget	worked	driving	marc	people	narrow	minded	crack	door	eyes	opinions	employer	opinions
135--------------
topic:	9	parents	karabagh	baku	hospital	people	phone	father	sumgait	school	home
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
deposition	vitaly	nikolayevich	danielian	born	attended	grade	middle	school	resident	building	apartment	microdistrict	sumgait	people	town	happening	february	home	school	o'clock	excused	leave	period	order	baku	left	town	fine	life	usual	groups	people	discussing	soccer	sumgait	bus	bound	baku	cousin's	birthday	father	mother	spent	day	baku	pm	bus	home	figuring	time	homework	day	entering	town	highrises	bus	stopped	large	crowd	crowd	demanded	armenians	bus	driver	armenians	board	bus	begins	shout	armenians	board	group	doors	bus	people	checking	passports	people	bus	armenians	set	direction	home	building	knew	place	hide	road	packed	groups	people	block	microdistrict	groups	emptying	people's	pockets	checking	passports	people	passports	beaten	decided	home	highrises	burning	cars	great	people	standing	driveways	yelling	death	armenians	written	cars	courtyardwe	live	lshaped	buildingit	quiet	upstairs	turn	lights	call	baku	warn	relatives	due	arrive	wednesday	knock	door	neighbors	advised	stay	place	place	led	basement	live	floor	basement	enter	balcony	sat	basement	armenian	woman	beatenshe	ran	naked	neighbors	daughter	armenians	deserve	stepanakert	allegedly	people	killed	girls	agdam	raped	stay	long	basement	support	small	window	iron	grating	papa	watched	fire	building	car	fire	groups	approached	driveway	demanded	shown	apartments	armenians	lived	neighbors	armenians	group	set	wing	building	appeared	side	building	woman	murdered	woman	ran	naked	died	yuri	avakian	killed	crowd	left	neighbors	home	place	turn	light	started	gather	order	leave	sumgait	call	relative	lived	sumgait	answer	decided	left	sat	home	phone	rang	caller	asked	speak	father	called	phone	jeykhun	mamedov	father's	work	brigade	disgusted	happening	town	asked	address	promised	car	city	honest	papa	give	address	mother	phone	told	minutes	call	crowd	ran	entryway	bursting	building	broke	door	apartment	straight	apartment	knew	armenians	place	resist	parents	passports	began	read	read	surname	danielian	turned	page	read	armenian	doom	moved	quickly	courtyard	standing	pushed	keys	piano	death	tolled	knives	steel	truncheons	knife	hand	knew	give	knife	worse	struck	parents	put	knife	piano	commanded	person	giving	orders	outdoors	middle	mother	started	push	walk	faster	fell	push	hit	moment	began	beating	parents	realized	resistance	completely	useless	courtyard	neighbors	standing	balconies	happen	crowd	surrounds	strike	knocked	beat	lose	consciousness	hear	parents	hit	cold	pick	lying	crowd	people	watching	balconies	pick	left	arm	broken	start	drive	wanting	neighbors	call	ambulance	bodies	parents	warm	attacked	o'clock	regain	consciousness	stairs	home	knock	neighbors	door	push	floor	neighbor	puts	damp	cloth	head	call	ambulance	sends	son	takes	apartment	window	ambulance	arrived	result	blows	parents	calm	convince	morning	ambulance	picked	dead	received	attention	time	alive	o'clock	policemen	civilian	clothing	house	assistants	call	ambulance	minutes	arrives	sumgait	emergency	hospital	stitch	wounds	head	rebind	arm	o'clock	armenians	hospital	ambulance	baku	ward	sumgait	hospital	people	armenians	hospital	overflowing	armenians	azerbaijanis	car	flipped	events	semashko	hospital	baku	days	released	day	parents	dead	told	moscow	treated	dead	father's	older	brother	told	father's	nikolai	artemovich	danielian	born	mother	born	seda	osipovna	danielian	papa	worked	leader	roofing	brigade	mamma	compressor	operator	beaten	head	coroner's	report	stated	heads	smashed	open	bled	profusely	confrontation	met	jeykhun	mamedov	called	turned	tipped	crowd	called	specifically	find	home	find	exact	address	dispatch	group	knew	phone	number	address	events	spoken	phone	speak	father	knew	denies	answered	phone	father	answered	denies	called	public	phone	called	home	true	heard	noise	sounds	automobiles	earlier	convicted	served	timehe	received	suspended	sentence	years	confessed	tipped	crowd	onehundred	percent	parents	karabagh	father	village	badar	years	family	moved	baku	elder	brothers	school	student	naval	school	graduated	work	virgin	lands	gigantic	agricultural	projects	instituted	returned	lived	baku	moved	sumgait	helping	town's	construction	mamma	village	dagdagan	karabagh	worked	sumgait	bookstore	construction	site	sister	older	lives	husband	karabagh	loved	parents	grade	dream	continue	studies	finished	grade	wanted	enter	baku	nautical	school	military	school	changed	mind	parents	recon	sider	finish	grade	join	naval	school	planning	navy	life	longsince	childhood	dreamed	sailor	father	wanted	recollected	youth	telling	school	big	mistake	leaving	live	karabagh	plan	leave	stay	home	grandfather	ancestors	days	hospital	baku	learned	fates	suffered	ishkhan	managed	hold	residence	microdistrict	building	apartment	long	time	lost	father	miracle	managed	survive	learned	uncle	sasha	building	daughter	raped	valeryi	forgot	namewas	hospital	year	younger	school	riding	parents	car	people	throwing	rocks	hit	parents	brought	hospital	ward	friends	town	hospital	learned	fates	died	befallen	misfortune	today	suren	harutunian	secretary	communist	party	armenia	shown	television	honest	glad	armenia	agreed	recognize	nagorno	karabagh	part	armenian	soviet	socialist	republic	repelled	revolted	hear	baku	announcer	read	decision	azerbaijani	supreme	soviet	presidium	karabagh	part	armenia	events	sumgait	baku	solution	give	karabagh	armenia	return	armenia	people	live	peacefully	azerbaijanis	arrived	karabagh	april	felt	bad	constant	headaches	strength	returned	older	sister	suzanna	justice	prevail	people	demanding	due	due	parents	spoke	nagorno	karabagh	visited	herespent	vacations	decided	karabagh	part	armenia	move	armenian	people	suffered	nagorno	karabagh	armeniawas	wrong	sooner	mistakes	corrected	order	correct	mistake	repeated	fate	nagorno	karabagh	lies	hands	government	june	stepanakert	david	davidian	explain	turkish	troops	sdpa	center	regional	studies	armenian	border	po	box	explain	cambridge	ma	turkish	mp	march
136--------------
topic:	74	netanyahu	benjamin	leader	jew	harry	hamaza	typical	writes	article	reference
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
distribution	world	messageid	references	replyto	gedaliah	friedenberg	nntppostinghost	silveregrmsuedu	article	harry	mamaysky	writes	article	hamaza	salah	writes	reference	benjamin	netanyahu	guy	crying	zionist	tv	confessing	committed	adultary	cheating	wife	typical	jew	leader	huh	remind	loyal	listeners	benjamin	brother	yonatan	netanyahu	remember	entebbe	absolutely	yoni	bibi	natanyahu	typical	jew	leaders	personally	proud	aspire	status	disregarding	hamaza	salah's	negative	connotation	jews	yoni	great	man	harvard	grad	died	country	people	bibi	great	leader	undoubtedly	major	force	middle	east	politics	years	harry	gedaliah	friedenberg	mechanical	engineering	metallurgy	mechanics	materials	science	state	university
137--------------
topic:	177	arab	policy	lebanon	arabs	killed	civilians	writes	article	civilian	amehdi
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	hossien	amehdi	article	edward	shnekendorf	writes	hossien	amehdi	writes	israelis	general	dynamics	fly	high	sky	bomb	hell	village	lebanon	civilians	including	eldery	killed	plain	murder	arabs	position	guerilla	bases	refugee	camps	artillery	atop	apartment	buildings	munitions	dumps	hospitals	killed	kinda	saddam	hussein	putting	civilians	military	bunker	arabs	replying	article	assuming	arab	arab	brain	full	shit	bombardment	civilian	civilian	areas	lebanon	israel	consistent	policy	intimidation	policy	practiced	called	democracy	middle	east	merley	pointing	side	suffering	arab	lebanese	bet	defende	homeland	invader	means	fight	syrians	lebanon	brothers	invited	avi
138--------------
topic:	87	people	turkish	bad	person	greeks	turkey	turks	goverment	learn	compromise
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	sabri	atan	panos	tamamidis	put	turks	bear	responsibility	happening	today	hard	objective	conflicts	countries	blame	side	bad	guys	sides	anatolia	couple	millions	greeks	living	asia	minor	protect	conflicts	started	side	aggressive	ither	suffering	sad	compromise	remember	action	turkish	government	removing	visa	requirement	greeks	turkey	thought	positive	attempt	relations	compromise	invasion	cyprus	involment	turkey	greek	politics	refusal	turkey	accept	miles	territorial	waters	stated	international	law	properties	greeks	konstantinople	ownership	islands	greek	lakesorry	aegean	compromise	greeks	mentioned	talk	educated	people	met	bad	person	turkey	politics	business	business	turks	individuals	hatred	person	supports	policies	turkish	goverment	indirecly	bad	person	nationality	bad	support	actions	goverment	bad	people	hate	supporter	policies	turkish	goverment	pay	price	kind	brainwashing	greece	educated	person	treat	person	nation	history	books	learn	greekturkish	encounters	schooling	easy	tankut	atan	achtung	baby	brainwashing	turn	people	turks	talk	greeks	arabs	slavs	kurds	people	luck	turkish	occupation	talk	murdersrapesdistruction	learn	turks	history	books	learn	people	experienced	hand	turkish	friendliness	napoleon
139--------------
topic:	74	netanyahu	benjamin	leader	jew	harry	hamaza	typical	writes	article	reference
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	hamaza	salah	writes	reference	benjamin	netanyahu	guy	crying	zionist	tv	confessing	committed	adultary	cheating	wife	typical	jew	leader	huh	remind	loyal	listeners	benjamin	brother	yonatan	netanyahu	remember	entebbe	harry
140--------------
topic:	17	mass	genocide	timor	experiment	east	chomsky	cambodia	hallambaker	occupation	held
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
sender	phill	hallambaker	replyto	organization	desydeutsches	elektronen	synchrotron	experiment	zeus	bei	hera	references	date	tue	apr	gmt	article	boomer	writes	article	dan	epstein	writes	territory	subject	theory	controlled	experiment	chomsky	demonstrates	comparing	american	press	treated	contemporaneous	cases	mass	slaughter	cambodia	east	timor	cambodian	genocide	carried	bad	guys	defined	state	department	corporate	interests	met	loud	frequent	denunciations	east	timor	genocide	carried	indonesian	good	guys	unreported	chomsky	good	scientist	verifies	hypothesis	hoping	assume	experiment	repeated	chomsky	equivacating	genocide	cambodia	invasion	occupation	timor	rationalize	claiming	indonesians	east	timor	genocide	threshold	brought	attention	pol	pot	kill	people	hitler	evil	explain	difference	intended	genocide	cambodia	brutal	occupation	fully	accepts	differences	intentions	situations	effect	cases	mass	murder	hear	supports	red	scare	merchants	behaviour	allies	conveniently	starker	comparison	el	salvador	allegations	left	repeatedly	making	proven	discovery	mass	graves	evidence	time	duarte	gang	thugs	mass	murderers	regan	bush	gave	arms	repress	opposition	contrasted	events	evidence	sandinista	attrocities	mass	murder	political	opponents	light	lost	democratic	elections	held	nicaraguan	regime	held	justify	funding	terrorist	war	fought	civillians	infamous	contras	australia	chanting	blood	oil	reason	beleive	phill	hallambaker
141--------------
topic:	174	migraine	prophylaxis	israeli	dose	peace	work	writes	realize	therapies	control
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
tim	clock	writes	strongly	object	justify	israeli	rule	occupied	territories	control	dominate	arabs	peace	leftistarabist	lunatics	call	israel	withdraw	moderates	realize	israeli	withdrawl	based	camp	formulas	full	peace	prerequisite	territorial	concessions	ed
142--------------
topic:	66	opinions	death	mark	human	hernlem	writes	life	underlining	israel's	applaud
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
brad	hernlem	writes	brave	men	lebanese	resistance	son	place	grave	underlining	moral	israel's	occupation	drawing	attention	israeli	policy	reckless	disregard	civilian	life	hernlem	mark	ira	kaufman	responds	delight	death	human	beings	mark	millions	americans	cheering	slaughter	iraqi	civilians	forces	comment	apply	applaud	killing	human	including	prisoners	sentenced	death	illustrious	justice	department	peace	marc	people	narrow	minded	crack	door	eyes	opinions	employer	opinions
143--------------
topic:	134	people	argument	mistake	entire	read	place	support	signature	situation	discussion
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
nntppostinghost	aludrauscedu	jack	schmidling	writes	article	fogbound	child	writes	happen	jewish	problems	israel	exaggerations	commentary	support	viewpoint	conflating	separate	exaggerating	confused	stories	honest	mistake	exageration	place	events	place	feels	trivial	nitpick	details	insulting	involved	feel	truth	damning	exaggeration	people	read	general	read	argument	inaccurate	inflamatory	statements	honest	mistake	tend	dismiss	entire	argument	errors	entire	situation	middle	east	important	reduce	backandforth	propaganda	precisely	reduction	polarizes	situation	peace	understanding	reconcilliation	impossible	equally	disgusting	behavior	country	constantly	democracy	agreed	situations	avoided	accidently	deleted	line	people	disgust	people	stuff	contribute	rational	discussion	issues	closet	discussion	heartfelt	admiration	suspect	hate	support	frankly	received	mail	subject	hateful	supportive	mossad	special	agent	media	spiking	mind	control	division	los	angeles	offices	safe	signature	prevent	dangerous	signature	guildenstern	names	shouted	dawn	message	summons	moment	beginning	missed
144--------------
topic:	188	greeks	turks	person	business	panos	bad	conflicts	turkish	side	met
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	panos	tamamidis	writes	yeah	mutluargic	helping	day	proceed	turks	read	mutluargic	stuff	kill	file	fanatic	greeks	problem	fanatics	met	greeks	talk	turkish	friends	open	greeks	history	wars	current	situations	panos	tamamidis	put	turks	bear	responsibility	happening	today	hard	objective	conflicts	countries	blame	side	bad	guys	sides	anatolia	conflicts	started	side	aggressive	ither	suffering	sad	compromise	remember	action	turkish	government	removing	visa	requirement	greeks	turkey	thought	positive	attempt	relations	greeks	mentioned	talk	educated	people	met	bad	person	turkey	politics	business	business	turks	individuals	hatred	kind	brainwashing	greece	educated	person	treat	person	nation	history	books	learn	greekturkish	encounters	schooling	easy	tankut	atan	achtung	baby
145--------------
topic:	45	israeli	minds	policy	arabs	leaders	israelis	arrogant	andor	generals	peace
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	edward	shnekendorf	writes	hell	israeli	policy	fiat	minds	israeli	generals	policy	intimidation	published	information	actions	arabs	plo	uncommon	lebanon	campaign	full	shit	minds	israeli	policy	deleted	business	reading	minds	case	israelis	top	leaders	present	arrogant	tough	talks	intimidate	arabs	israelis	arabs	achieve	peace	years	fighting	major	reasons	arab	governments	representative	people	leaders	stupid	andor	independent	andor	dictators	israeli	government	arrogant	comprising
146--------------
topic:	184	armenian	erzurum	war	ottoman	istanbul	erzincan	revolutionaries	army	russian	cruelties
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	joel	furr	writes	depew	shown	unrepentant	embarrassed	possessed	fuckedup	hubrisladen	selfrighteousness	theory	hollering	kills	spirit	criminalnazi	armenians	asalasdpaarf	terrorism	revisionism	triangle	dealing	rest	wrote	activities	armenian	government	efforts	aimed	eradicating	race	turks	aimed	carrying	onesided	feud	struggle	liberation	outset	efforts	armenian	revolutionaries	ottoman	borders	form	terrorist	destructive	actions	aimed	mass	murder	cruelty	genocide	interpretation	armenian	activities	started	reign	abdulhamid	ii	individual	acts	terror	developed	assassinations	surprise	attacks	element	brute	force	activities	increased	steadily	culminating	mass	rebellions	widespread	fighting	world	war	ottoman	army	withdrew	eastern	anatolia	sarikamis	defeat	armenian	revolutionaries	initiated	series	cruelties	area	russians	occupied	eastern	anatolia	enemy	constrained	rules	war	returned	country	revolution	armenian	revolutionaries	unchecked	area	year	ottoman	forces	returned	erzurum	period	armenian	revolutionaries	executed	massacres	local	people	recorded	historical	report	dated	march	commander	army	submitted	entered	erzurum	erzincan	completely	systematically	destroyed	burned	armenians	trees	cut	building	consumed	fire	sense	word	people	living	erzurum	erzincan	capable	fighting	beginning	excuse	forced	labor	road	construction	direction	sarikamis	annihilated	russian	army	withdrew	part	remaining	people	destroyed	armenian	massacres	cruelties	thrown	wells	locked	houses	burned	killed	bayonets	swords	places	selected	butchering	spots	bellies	torn	open	lungs	pulled	girls	women	hanged	hair	subjected	conceivable	abominable	act	small	part	people	spared	abominations	worse	cruelty	inquisition	resembled	living	dead	suffering	temporary	insanity	dire	poverty	lived	frightful	experiences	subjected	including	women	children	persons	discovered	exceed	thousand	erzincan	thousand	erzurum	fields	erzincan	erzurum	untilled	people	destitute	situation	present	time	people	subsisting	food	obtained	impelled	starvation	russian	storages	left	occupation	foreign	observers	witnessed	events	including	russian	officers	desert	lines	submitted	detailed	reports	proving	genocide	ottoman	commanders	received	prisoners	war	important	stated	reports	massacres	happen	chance	war	german	author	dr	weiss	austrian	colleague	dr	stein	turkish	colleague	ahmet	vefik	visited	trabzon	kars	erzurum	batum	april	record	cruelties	writings	show	scope	armenian	activities	reveal	goal	true	ottoman	state	ministry	war	islam	ahalinin	ducar	olduklari	mezalim	hakkinda	vesaike	mustenid	malumat	istanbul	french	version	documents	relatifs	aux	atrocites	commises	par	les	armeniens	sur	la	population	musulmane	istanbul	latin	script	turkozu	ed	osmanli	ve	sovyet	belgeleriyle	ermeni	mezalimi	ankara	addition	basar	ed	ermenilerden	gorduklerimiz	ankara	edited	author	ermeniler	hakkinda	makaleler	derlemeler	ankara	askeri	tarih	belgeleri	vol	december	document	numbered	askeri	tarih	belgeleri	vol	december	document	numbered	twerdokhlebof's	report	dated	april	quoted	ermeniler	vol	altinay	iki	komite	iki	kital	istanbul	kafkas	yollarinda	hatiralar	ve	tahassusler	istanbul	serdar	argic	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	turks	proceeded	work	extermination	ohanus	appressian	soviet	armenia	today	longer	exists	single	turkish	soul	sahak	melkonian
147--------------
topic:	136	bank	west	israel	jews	palestine	jerusalem	israelis	giving	fact	attack
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	yon	bonnie	laird	cairn	robbing	writes	article	ilyess	bdira	writes	jews	god	case	founders	secular	zionism	palestine	inhabitants	palestine	god	gave	land	gd	land	fact	jews	united	nations	bit	purchased	arab	absentee	landlords	present	claims	based	prior	ownership	purchase	aforementioned	absentee	landlords	award	united	nations	partition	palestine	mandate	territory	result	defensive	wars	fought	egyptians	syrians	jordanians	al	speak	west	bank	inhabitants	jews	part	israel	point	jews	fact	agree	idea	west	bank	agree	claim	west	bank	answer	question	thusly	west	bank	called	spoils	war	hussein	ordered	arab	legion	funny	suppose	fact	israel	didnot	attack	jordan	jordan	attacked	israel	explain	attack	syria	syria	didnot	enter	war	israel	day	funny	implying	reason	israel	capture	sinai	egypt	attack	israel	poor	move	israelis	promptly	kicked	butt	territory	forefeit	retaining	possession	west	bank	desirable	beats	national	suicide	israelis	put	palestinians	telaviv	belongs	future	state	palestine	long	state	affairs	continues	give	palestinians	place	launch	attacks	jews	real	poor	idea	giving	entire	west	bank	idiotic	froma	security	standpoint	addition	small	matter	jerusalem	considered	part	west	bank	chances	israelis	giving	jerusalem	nil	leftists	yasser	cool	dude	yossi	sarid	propose	giving	jerusalem	run	town	rail	sameach
148--------------
topic:	138	racist	fanatic	tsiel	huna	books	emmanuel	halaimitedu	praise	intelligence	praised
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
nntppostinghost	halaimitedu	article	emmanuel	huna	writes	steel	read	tsiel	racist	anti	semitic	stop	shouting	fanatic	emmanuel	huna	give	logic	break	gosh	kind	intelligence	tesiel	man	arab	fuck	tsiel	tagged	racist	praised	logicless	tsiel	apologized	racist	remark	praise	courage	hike	calls	racist	proof	proven	brain	malfunctioning	moron	loose	net	fanatic	proud	fanatic	rights	freedom	idiot
149--------------
topic:	160	palestinian	peace	houses	faisal	alhusseini	insurance	talks	phone	newspaper	meeting
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
israeline	today's	ma'ariv	reports	yesterday	egyptian	president	hosni	mubarak's	meeting	plo	chief	yasser	arafat	prominent	palestinian	faisal	alhusseini	principle	palestinians	decided	participate	peace	talks	noted	decided	meeting	arab	foreign	ministers	damascus	newspaper	reports	threatening	phone	calls	houses	senior	members	palestinian	delegation	peace	talks	threats	arabic	demanded	delegates	washington	sell	palestinian	people	caller	threatened	find	family	alive	return	newspaper	states	phone	calls	received	houses	faisal	alhusseini	hanan	ashrawi	naftaly	stramer	intergraph	electronics	internet	lookout	road	suite	voice	fax	boulder	quality	everybody's	job	everybody's	job	watch
150--------------
topic:	36	turkish	children	talaat	government	interior	page	orders	minister	turkey	aleppo
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
orders	turkish	extermination	armenians	children	genocide	send	desert	part	continuing	series	articles	official	turkish	wartime	governmental	telegrams	translation	entailing	orders	extermination	armenian	people	turkey	generally	telegrams	issued	turkish	minister	interior	talaat	pasha	set	children	government	aleppo	november	informed	belonging	armenians	sivas	mamuretulaziz	diarbekir	erzeroum	km	distance	adopted	moslem	families	received	servants	left	death	parents	inform	collect	children	province	send	places	deportation	give	orders	people	minister	interior	talaat	government	aleppo	september	orphanage	time	give	sentiment	feed	orphans	prolonging	lives	send	desert	inform	minister	interior	talaat	general	committee	settling	deportees	november	children	orphanage	added	caravans	places	exile	abdullahad	nuri	government	aleppo	january	hear	orphanages	opened	receive	children	armenians	ignorance	real	purpose	contempt	government	regard	feeding	children	attempt	prolong	lives	act	opposed	purpose	considers	survival	children	detrimental	recommend	children	received	orphanages	attempts	establish	special	orphanages	minister	interior	talaat	government	aleppo	collect	orphans	remember	tortures	parents	subjected	send	rest	caravans	minister	interior	talaat	ministry	interior	government	aleppo	time	thousands	moslem	refugees	widows	shekid	food	protection	expedient	incur	extra	expenses	feeding	children	left	armenians	serve	purpose	giving	trouble	future	children	turned	vilayet	caravans	place	deportation	compliance	previous	orders	sivas	minister	interior	talaat	halide	edip	pioneer	turkish	nationalist	wrote	memoirs	conversation	talaat	pasha	verifying	rationalizing	ultranational	fascist	antiarmenian	mentality	conviction	long	nation	interest	succeeds	world	admires	thinks	moral	ready	die	die	telegrams	entered	unquestioned	evidence	trial	talaat	pasha's	assassin	soghomon	tehlerian	turkish	government	questioned	death	march	orders	time	world	reminded	genocide	armenians	reasons	study	psychology	genocide	denial	turkish	government	supporters	crime	deny	orders	issued	claim	telegrams	forgeries	based	study	orel	yuca	turkish	historical	society	examine	sample	authentic	text	turkish	historical	society	study	forgery	test	sample	forgery	fact	tests	delineated	turkish	historical	society	performed	piece	ottoman	turkish	persianarabic	script	finds	handwritten	language	forgery	today	body	talaat	pasha	lies	tomb	liberty	hill	istanbul	turkey	yildiz	university	campus	body	genocide	architect	returned	turkey	germany	turkey	heightened	state	protofascism	monument	served	focal	point	antiarmenianism	turkey	monument	represents	epitome	turkish	government's	pathological	denial	clear	historical	event	insult	people	crime	born	armenian	references	memoirs	naim	aram	andonian	pages	ibid	page	ibid	page	ibid	page	ibid	page	ibid	page	halide	halide	edip	century	press	york	london	page	david	davidian	explain	turkish	troops	sdpa	center	regional	studies	armenian	border	po	box	explain	cambridge	ma	turkish	mp	march
151--------------
topic:	51	civilians	israeli	condone	israelis	villages	hernlem	murder	claim	terrorists	soil
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
brad	hernlem	writes	thought	clear	case	familiar	postings	subject	condone	attacks	civilians	lebanese	resistance	fighters	skilled	precision	sla	israeli	targets	find	methods	responsible	israeli	method	shelling	bombing	hope	hezbollah	member	killed	civilians	murdered	killing	combatants	soldiers	trained	die	country	idf	soldiers	duty	day	men	died	government	israeli	soil	israeli	civilian	opinion	condone	bombing	villages	kind	villages	claim	villages	civilians	iraelis	claim	camps	filled	terrorists	claim	israelis	shell	villages	hope	finding	terrorist	kill	fine	bad	civilians	die	wrote	saddam	hussein	problems	civilians	disgusting	manner	claimed	civilians	murdered	slight	chance	question	general	insult	similar	type	propaganda	respect	civilians	southern	lebanon	lot	people	post	israeli	soil	kind	mediteranean	sea	define	israeli	soil	recognize	state	israel	condone	killing	israelis	aware	idf	helicopters	gunboats	lebanon	day	rocketted	palestinian	refugee	north	qualifies	person	murder	pupose	action	describe	kill	civilians	doubt	condone	civilians	killed	condone	palestinian	children	grow	terrorists	female	give	birth	terrorists	hernlem	hernlem	showing	huge	satisfaction	israelis	human	beings	standards	standards	killed	questions	problem	answering	question	qualified	candidate	murder	justifies	murder	feeling	similar	statements	eliminating	israelis	jews	wrong	condone	saddam's	scuds	israeli	soldiers	tel	aviv	understand	lot	palestineans	cheered	show	qualify	freedom	fighting	wrong	jewish	controlled	media	distorted	information	ignorant	victim	media	dorin
152--------------
topic:	187	serbia	war	milosevic	serbian	peace	hear	mitsotakis	bosnian	plan	president
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
nntppostinghost	davinciececoncordiaca	headline	original	read	article	dejan	anastasijevic	writes	yugoslavia	upi	greek	prime	minister	constantine	visited	capital	serbiamontenegro	federation	apparent	attempt	press	serbian	leaders	accepting	international	plan	war	bosniaherzegovina	good	friend	countryto	solving	burning	problem	bosniaherzegovina	mitsotakis	told	reporters	talking	hours	president	slobodan	milosevic	serbia	friend	discuss	plan	hear	serbian	point	view	adding	serbia	bring	peace	region	great	attitude	pressure	serbs	accept	peace	plan	territory	force	terror	serbia	greece	identical	bosnian	war	started	late	march	good	hear	wondering	serbia	boycott	remembers	gulf	war	saddam	kill	people	rape	women	effort	pressure	milosevic	considered	main	serbian	territorial	conquest	bosnia	security	threatened	impose	sanctions	serbia	implement	nofly	zone	bosnian	skies	threatening	stage	bosnians	lift	arms	embargo	military	intervention	reserved	muslim	countries	hear	meeting	milosevic	mitsotakis	separate	talks	radovan	leader	bosnian	serbs	encouraged	karadzic	proceed	efforts	achieve	peace	region	ready	play	positive	role	balkans	real	positive	add	favor	freinds	meet	greek	premier	sided	tend	condemn	bet	war	karadzic	continue	negotiate	levels	meeting	milosevic	mitsotakis	talks	president	cosic	federal	yugoslav	union	serbia	montenegro	patriarch	pavle	head	priest	serbian	orthodox	church	convinced	religious	war	psychopath	karadzik	considered	peacelover	muslims	permanent	peace	blessings	patriarch	pavle
153--------------
topic:	103	turks	genocide	officer	armenian	people	passes	ways	proceeded	extermination	closed
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	ken	arromdee	writes	genocide	turks	paid	liar	source	world	alive	personal	story	robert	dunn	crown	publishers	york	memoirs	american	officer	witnessed	armenian	genocide	million	muslim	people	paragraph	people	lived	yawned	turk	officers	sir	dawn	tartar	civilians	mufti	lieutenant	dozed	small	hours	voice	woke	dro's	stood	starlight	bawling	officer	keelhauled	long	furiously	heard	abruptly	dro	broke	laughter	quick	simple	child's	cover	sense	guilt	thought	hoped	boast	irreligion	christian	massacring	infidels	horrible	reverse	continued	serdar	argic	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	turks	proceeded	work	extermination	ohanus	appressian	soviet	armenia	today	longer	exists	single	turkish	soul	sahak	melkonian
154--------------
topic:	145	israel	revealed	stein	water	guess	source	diverted	alan	lebanonhis	hasan
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
guess	hasan	finally	revealed	source	claim	israel	diverted	water	lebanonhis	imagination	alan	stein
155--------------
topic:	141	support	revolution	west	popular	time	beeeg	heard	allende	held	access
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
nntppostinghost	stochasticengumdedu	originator	article	meeesterr	beeeg	writes	west	revolution	popular	support	internet	access	mars	due	long	time	takes	transmit	information	heard	mussadiq	allende	castro	al	yeah	west	revolution	held	popular	support	planet
156--------------
topic:	113	timor	rouge	genocide	khmer	situation	oil	considerably	east	comparable	realize
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	matt	austern	writes	article	boomer	writes	chomsky	equivacating	genocide	cambodia	invasion	occupation	timor	word	mind	equating	noam	chomsky	considerably	intelligent	history	repeats	repeatedly	acts	comparable	brutality	receive	comparable	condemnation	good	case	happened	happening	east	timor	considerably	worse	americans	realize	part	stories	east	timor	mainstream	press	agree	situatio	timor	deserve	attention	bosnia	angola	buti	press	forced	print	articles	air	shows	religious	tired	mainstream	media	started	buying	stationspapers	left	relying	npr	public	stations	explain	difference	intended	goal	genocide	cambodia	brutal	occupation	intended	goal	khmer	rouge	actionsand	actions	horrible	khmer	rouge	indonesian	occupiers	word	genocide	strong	apply	situation	venture	situation	timor	genocide	indonesians	perfectly	kill	khmer	rouge	virtually	khmer	rouge	suffered	killing	fields	downplay	violence	timor	australia	chanting	blood	oil	thinks	form	protest	silly	ineffective	explanation	obvious	agree	australia	effective	lever	indonesia	negotiating	oil	drilling	rights	timor	stopping	process	long	making	indonesia	realize	people	situation	swept	rug	brett	passionate	vested	interest	disguised	intellectual	conviction	sean	o'casey	white	frank	herbert
157--------------
topic:	153	azerbaijan	human	azerbaijani	armenia	bodies	thousands	world	rights	armenians	azerbaijanis
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	neophytos	iacovou	writes	historically	uncivilized	peoples	exhibited	signs	compassion	allowing	humanitarian	aid	reach	civilian	populations	nazis	world	community	powerless	human	advocates	decent	people	human	tragedy	number	azeris	murdered	terrorist	armenian	army	savage	increasing	news	reporters	living	providing	stories	hell	confuse	public	happening	armenia	country	risk	detracting	people's	interest	happening	serbia	living	alternate	universe	appeal	mankind	years	azerbaijan	multinational	population	vainly	fighting	justice	limits	soviet	union	humanitarian	constitutional	human	rights	guaranteed	charter	universal	declaration	human	rights	helsinki	agreements	human	problems	international	forums	documents	signed	soviet	union	violated	ussr's	president	government	bodies	defend	azerbaijan	empowered	measures	guarantee	life	peace	strong	army	armenian	terrorists	moscow's	tacit	consent	wages	undeclared	war	annihilation	azerbaijan	result	part	azerbaijan	occupied	annexed	hundreds	people	killed	thousands	wounded	azerbaijanis	brutally	inhumanly	deported	armenian	ssr	historical	homeland	russians	kurds	driven	part	settled	azerbaijan	turkishmeskhetians	lezghins	representatives	caucasian	nationalities	escaped	central	asia	president	government	bodies	guarantee	life	peace	suffered	deportations	scandalous	vandalisms	directed	azerbaijan	science	world	civilization	armenian	extremists	destruction	karabakh	scientific	experimental	base	institute	genetics	selection	academy	sciences	azerbaijan	ssr	beg	humanitarian	political	assistance	honour	dignity	million	azerbaijanis	violated	territory	culture	history	trampled	people	shot	persistent	negative	image	azerbaijanians	defamation	spread	world	soviet	mass	media	armenian	lobby	ussr	united	states	myths	events	allegedly	involves	generated	interethnic	collisions	religious	intolerance	truth	shootings	events	stem	territorial	claims	armenia	azerbaijan	documented	fact	conflict	frictions	armenians	azerbaijanis	issue	karabakh	hundreds	thousands	armenians	placidly	calmly	lived	worked	azerbaijan	land	representatives	government	bodies	azerbaijan	ssr	united	indivisible	sovereign	azerbaijan	common	caucasian	home	proclaimed	founding	fathers	azerbaijan	democratic	republic	muhammed	emin	rasulzade	goals	expectations	trampled	soviet	leadership	favour	armenian	expansionists	encouraged	moscow	intended	create	year	reich	great	armenia	annexing	neighboring	lands	world	public	opinion	shed	tears	save	whales	suffers	penguins	dying	antarctic	continent	lives	million	human	beings	people	muslims	valuable	people	discriminated	colour	skin	religion	residence	attributes	people	brothers	appeal	brothers	understanding	appeal	azerbaijan	world	public	opinion	previous	appeals	unheard	carry	hope	truth	russian	armenian	propaganda	day	reveal	extent	suffering	stimulate	compassion	azerbaijan	tendered	whales	penguins	committee	people's	karabakh	academy	sciences	azerbaijan	ssr	turks	give	time	period	world	boring	happening	armenia	front	page	headlines	lying	happened	somalia	press	report	world	turkiye	intervene	affairs	caucasus	peace	democracy	armenians	christians	azerbaijanis	moslems	islam	religion	unloved	democratwesternizers	root	conflict	lie	territorial	claims	azerbaijan	consequence	blood	suffering	innocent	azeri	people	hundreds	thousands	refugees	gross	violations	human	rights	armenians	attacked	azeri	town	khojaly	massacred	thousands	azeris	parisbased	association	democracy	human	rights	azerbaijan	puts	number	khojali	victims	dead	scalped	mutilated	bring	story	armenia	front	page	russians	move	area	shit	load	tanks	human	rights	advocates	show	defending	armenians	russians	show	tanks	problems	home	scenario	genocide	staged	armenians	years	ottoman	empire	reenacted	time	azerbaijan	remarkable	similarities	plots	perpetrators	underdogs	report	york	times	tuesday	march	massacre	armenians	reported	agdamazerbaijanmarch	reuters	fresh	evidence	emerged	today	massacre	civilians	armenian	militants	nagornokarabakh	predominantly	armenian	enclave	azerbaijan	republic	armenia	reiterated	denials	militants	killed	people	azerbaijani	populated	town	khojaly	week	massacred	men	women	children	fleeing	carnage	snowcovered	mountain	passes	dozen	bodies	scattered	area	lent	credence	azerbaijani	reports	massacre	scalping	reported	azerbaijani	officials	journalists	flew	briefly	region	helicopter	brought	dead	children	heads	blown	shooting	armenians	prevented	retrieving	bodies	women	children	scalped	assad	faradshev	aide	nagornokarabakh's	azerbaijani	governor	began	pick	bodies	began	firing	azerbaijani	militia	chief	agdam	rashid	mamedov	bodies	lying	flocks	sheep	fascists	truckloads	bodies	agdam	outskirts	nagornokarabakh	reuters	photographer	frederique	lengaigne	trucks	filled	azerbaijani	bodies	counted	looked	head	cut	burned	men	wearing	khaki	uniforms	serdar	argic	closed	roads	mountain	passes	serve	ways	escape	turks	proceeded	work	extermination	ohanus	appressian	soviet	armenia	today	longer	exists	single	turkish	soul	sahak	melkonian
158--------------
topic:	131	israeli	lebanese	hernlem	occupation	deaths	resistance	villages	people	forces	wounded
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	brad	hernlem	writes	lebanese	resistance	forces	detonated	bomb	israeli	occupation	patrol	lebanese	territory	days	soldiers	killed	wounded	retaliation	israeli	israelibacked	forces	wounded	civilians	bombarding	lebanese	villages	ironically	israeli	government	justifies	occupation	lebanon	claiming	prevent	bombardments	israeli	villages	congratulations	brave	men	lebanese	resistance	israeli	son	place	grave	underlining	moral	bankruptcy	israel's	occupation	drawing	attention	israeli	government's	policy	reckless	disregard	civilian	life	brad	hernlem	nice	people	murdered	bradly	overjoyed	hear	deaths	middle	east	jewish	arab	deaths	feel	sadness	hope	stops	apparently	view	point	acceptable	people	bradly	hernlem	disgust	harry
159--------------
topic:	105	jews	israel	part	current	israelis	honest	answer	palestine	world	islamic
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
distribution	world	messageid	references	nntppostinghost	composerthinkcom	article	ilyess	bdira	writes	article	gideon	ehrlich	writes	borders	islamic	world	dreams	islamic	world	dreams	planet	kicking	current	inhabitant	deam	day	converts	jews	dream	feel	threatened	bit	contrary	protocols	zion	crowd	suggest	judaism	goals	readers	waiting	honest	answer	honest	answer	zionists	questions	jews	god	case	founders	secular	zionism	palestine	inhabitants	palestine	god	gave	land	question	complicated	deserves	honest	answer	provide	current	perspective	historical	nonobservant	jewisraeliamerican	feeling	jews	diaspora	greater	palestine	israel	palestinians	israelis	arab	jew	regard	jewish	israelis	rights	israel	israelis	speak	west	bank	inhabitants	jews	part	israel	nonreligious	jews	aware	majority	settlers	supporters	religious	part	problem	knowledge	palestinians	part	israel	accept	part	full	citizens	israel	priviliges	responsibilities	accorded	israeli	citizens	object	current	limbo	find	shai	guday	stealth	bombers	os	software	engineer	thinking	machines	corp	winged	ninjas	skies	cambridge	ma
160--------------
topic:	44	land	peace	morocco	father's	west	writes	kuwait	automatically	support	note
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
writes	land	peace	leave	note	theoretically	morocco	father's	land	preempt	king	hassan	automatically	leaves	peace	morocco	father's	land	live	absolutely	live	established	government	palestinian	arabs	content	live	israeli	rule	cease	clamoring	independent	state	gaza	worked	part	west	bank	proposed	nabil	jon
161--------------
topic:	177	arab	policy	lebanon	arabs	killed	civilians	writes	article	civilian	amehdi
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	edward	shnekendorf	writes	hossien	amehdi	writes	israelis	general	dynamics	fly	high	sky	bomb	hell	village	lebanon	civilians	including	eldery	killed	plain	murder	arabs	position	guerilla	bases	refugee	camps	artillery	atop	apartment	buildings	munitions	dumps	hospitals	killed	kinda	saddam	hussein	putting	civilians	military	bunker	arabs	replying	article	assuming	arab	arab	brain	full	shit	bombardment	civilian	civilian	areas	lebanon	israel	consistent	policy	intimidation	policy	practiced	called	democracy	middle	east	merley	pointing	side	suffering	arab	lebanese	bet	defende	homeland	invader	means
162--------------
topic:	91	war	jews	arab	supply	arabs	israel	askew	started	attacks	fighting
file label:talk.politics.mideast_train
article	joseph	askew	writes	article	adam	shostack	writes	article	writes	matter	started	individual	battle	arabsisreal	war	context	real	question	whowhat	started	doubts	creation	israel	arab	huh	war	started	armies	invaded	israel	drive	jews	sea	jews	wanted	live	arabs	stayed	israel	granted	citizenship	depends	define	war	actual	fighting	largely	arab	invasions	deir	yassin	happened	midapril	arab	invasion	lt	col	lorch	hagana	forces	fighting	arabs	invaded	jews	wanting	live	peace	easy	show	labour	party	leadership	intention	arabs	stayed	expelled	stay	citizenship	expelled	fighting	stopped	askew	define	war	seiges	constant	attacks	villiages	count	acts	war	jews	january	arab	liberation	army	attacks	kfar	szold	men	attack	kfar	etzion	miles	south	jerusalem	cutting	supply	lines	attacks	yehiam	western	galilee	kibbutz	tirat	tzvi	midmarch	jewish	settlements	negev	cut	land	links	rest	jewish	population	etzion	group	villiages	hebron	cut	members	convoy	supply	yehiam	slaughtered	cutting	villiage	jerusalem	seige	cut	supply	route	tel	aviv	bombed	supply	trucks	left	side	road	day	memoriam	time	jews	killed	war	arabs	attacking	week	fatah	launched	katyusha	rockets	northern	israel	uprising	war	intifadah	plo	brings	tanks	askew	gauche	proud	autumn	stillness	pleiades	remote	thorny	deserts	fell	grief	sue	care	north	tents	sky	somwhere	brenda	pale	river	murmurs	amir
